weaksubj abandoned adj negative
weaksubj abandonment noun negative
weaksubj abandon verb negative
strongsubj abase verb negative
strongsubj abasement anypos negative
strongsubj abash verb negative
weaksubj abate verb negative
weaksubj abdicate verb negative
strongsubj aberration adj negative
strongsubj aberration noun negative
strongsubj abhor anypos negative
strongsubj abhor verb negative
strongsubj abhorred adj negative
strongsubj abhorrence noun negative
strongsubj abhorrent adj negative
strongsubj abhorrently anypos negative
strongsubj abhors adj negative
strongsubj abhors noun negative
strongsubj abidance adj positive
strongsubj abidance noun positive
strongsubj abide anypos positive
strongsubj abject adj negative
strongsubj abjectly adverb negative
weaksubj abjure verb negative
weaksubj abilities noun positive
weaksubj ability noun positive
weaksubj able adj positive
weaksubj abnormal adj negative
weaksubj abolish verb negative
strongsubj abominable adj negative
strongsubj abominably anypos negative
strongsubj abominate verb negative
strongsubj abomination noun negative
weaksubj above anypos positive
weaksubj above-average adj positive
weaksubj abound verb positive
weaksubj abrade verb negative
strongsubj abrasive adj negative
weaksubj abrupt adj negative
strongsubj abscond verb negative
weaksubj absence noun negative
weaksubj absentee anypos negative
strongsubj absent-minded adj negative
strongsubj absolve verb positive
strongsubj absolute adj neutral
strongsubj absolutely adj neutral
weaksubj absorbed verb neutral
strongsubj absurd adj negative
strongsubj absurdity noun negative
strongsubj absurdly anypos negative
strongsubj absurdness noun negative
weaksubj abundant adj positive
weaksubj abundance noun positive
weaksubj abuse adj negative
weaksubj abuse noun negative
strongsubj abuse verb negative
weaksubj abuses adj negative
weaksubj abuses noun negative
strongsubj abusive adj negative
strongsubj abysmal adj negative
strongsubj abysmally anypos negative
strongsubj abyss noun negative
strongsubj accede verb positive
strongsubj accentuate verb neutral
weaksubj accept verb positive
weaksubj acceptance noun positive
weaksubj acceptable adj positive
weaksubj accessible adj positive
weaksubj accidental adj negative
strongsubj acclaim noun positive
strongsubj acclaim verb positive
strongsubj acclaimed adj positive
strongsubj acclamation anypos positive
strongsubj accolade noun positive
strongsubj accolades noun positive
weaksubj accommodative adj positive
weaksubj accomplish verb positive
weaksubj accomplishment noun positive
weaksubj accomplishments noun positive
weaksubj accord verb positive
weaksubj accordance noun positive
weaksubj accordantly adverb positive
weaksubj accost verb negative
weaksubj accountable adj negative
weaksubj accurate adj positive
weaksubj accurately adj positive
strongsubj accursed adj negative
strongsubj accusation adj negative
strongsubj accusation noun negative
strongsubj accusations adj negative
strongsubj accusations noun negative
strongsubj accuse verb negative
strongsubj accuses verb negative
strongsubj accusing anypos negative
strongsubj accusingly anypos negative
strongsubj acerbate verb negative
strongsubj acerbic adj negative
strongsubj acerbically adverb negative
strongsubj ache verb negative
weaksubj achievable adj positive
weaksubj achieve verb positive
weaksubj achievement anypos positive
weaksubj achievements anypos positive
weaksubj acknowledge verb positive
weaksubj acknowledgement noun positive
weaksubj acquit verb positive
strongsubj acrid adj negative
strongsubj acridly anypos negative
strongsubj acridness noun negative
strongsubj acrimonious adj negative
strongsubj acrimoniously anypos negative
strongsubj acrimony noun negative
weaksubj active adj positive
strongsubj activist adj neutral
strongsubj activist noun neutral
strongsubj actual anypos neutral
strongsubj actuality anypos neutral
strongsubj actually anypos neutral
strongsubj acumen noun positive
strongsubj adamant adj negative
strongsubj adamantly anypos negative
weaksubj adaptable adj positive
weaksubj adaptability noun positive
weaksubj adaptive adj positive
weaksubj addict noun negative
weaksubj addiction noun negative
weaksubj adept adj positive
weaksubj adeptly adverb positive
weaksubj adequate adj positive
weaksubj adherence noun positive
weaksubj adherent adj positive
weaksubj adhesion noun positive
strongsubj admirable adj positive
strongsubj admirer noun positive
strongsubj admirable anypos positive
strongsubj admirably anypos positive
strongsubj admiration noun positive
strongsubj admire verb positive
strongsubj admiring adj positive
strongsubj admiringly adj positive
weaksubj admission adj positive
weaksubj admission noun positive
strongsubj admit verb positive
strongsubj admittedly anypos positive
strongsubj admonish verb negative
strongsubj admonisher anypos negative
strongsubj admonishingly anypos negative
strongsubj admonishment anypos negative
strongsubj admonition noun negative
strongsubj adolescents adj neutral
strongsubj adolescents noun neutral
strongsubj adorable adj positive
strongsubj adore verb positive
strongsubj adored adj positive
strongsubj adorer anypos positive
strongsubj adorer noun positive
strongsubj adoring adj positive
strongsubj adoringly anypos positive
weaksubj adrift anypos negative
strongsubj adroit adj positive
strongsubj adroitly adj positive
strongsubj adulate verb positive
strongsubj adulation anypos positive
strongsubj adulatory adj positive
strongsubj adulterate verb negative
strongsubj adulterated anypos negative
strongsubj adulteration noun negative
weaksubj advanced adj positive
weaksubj advantage adj positive
weaksubj advantage noun positive
strongsubj advantageous adj positive
weaksubj advantages adj positive
weaksubj advantages noun positive
weaksubj adventure adj positive
weaksubj adventure noun positive
strongsubj adventuresome noun positive
strongsubj adventurism noun positive
weaksubj adventurous adj positive
weaksubj adversarial adj negative
weaksubj adversary noun negative
weaksubj adverse adj negative
strongsubj adversity noun negative
weaksubj advice adj positive
weaksubj advice noun positive
weaksubj advisable noun positive
strongsubj advocate verb positive
strongsubj advocacy noun positive
strongsubj affable adj positive
weaksubj affability noun positive
weaksubj affably adverb positive
weaksubj affect verb neutral
weaksubj affectation noun negative
strongsubj affected adj neutral
strongsubj affection adj positive
strongsubj affection noun positive
strongsubj affectionate adj positive
weaksubj affinity noun positive
strongsubj affirm verb positive
strongsubj affirmation adj positive
strongsubj affirmation noun positive
weaksubj affirmative noun positive
weaksubj afflict verb negative
weaksubj affliction noun negative
strongsubj afflictive adj negative
weaksubj affluent adj positive
weaksubj affluence noun positive
weaksubj afford verb positive
weaksubj affordable adj positive
strongsubj affront noun negative
strongsubj affront verb negative
weaksubj afloat adj positive
strongsubj afraid adj negative
weaksubj against anypos negative
strongsubj aggravate verb negative
strongsubj aggravating adj negative
strongsubj aggravation noun negative
strongsubj aggression adj negative
strongsubj aggression noun negative
strongsubj aggressive anypos negative
strongsubj aggressiveness noun negative
strongsubj aggressor noun negative
strongsubj aggrieve verb negative
strongsubj aggrieved adj negative
strongsubj aghast adj negative
weaksubj agile adj positive
weaksubj agilely adverb positive
weaksubj agility noun positive
strongsubj agitate verb negative
strongsubj agitated adj negative
strongsubj agitation noun negative
strongsubj agitator noun negative
strongsubj agonies noun negative
strongsubj agonize verb negative
strongsubj agonizing adj negative
strongsubj agonizing anypos negative
strongsubj agonizingly anypos negative
strongsubj agony noun negative
strongsubj agree verb positive
strongsubj agreeability anypos positive
weaksubj agreeable adj positive
strongsubj agreeable anypos positive
strongsubj agreeableness anypos positive
strongsubj agreeably anypos positive
weaksubj agreement adj positive
weaksubj agreement noun positive
strongsubj aha anypos neutral
weaksubj ail noun negative
weaksubj ail verb negative
weaksubj ailment noun negative
strongsubj aimless adj negative
strongsubj air verb neutral
weaksubj airs adj negative
weaksubj airs noun negative
weaksubj alarm adj negative
weaksubj alarm verb negative
strongsubj alarmed adj negative
strongsubj alarming adj negative
strongsubj alarmingly anypos negative
strongsubj alas anypos negative
weaksubj alert adj neutral
weaksubj alienate verb negative
weaksubj alienated adj negative
weaksubj alienation noun negative
weaksubj all-time adj neutral
weaksubj all-time noun neutral
strongsubj allay verb positive
strongsubj allegation anypos negative
strongsubj allegations adj negative
weaksubj allege verb negative
strongsubj allegations noun negative
strongsubj allegorize verb neutral
weaksubj allergic adj negative
weaksubj alleviate verb positive
strongsubj alliance anypos neutral
strongsubj alliances adj neutral
strongsubj alliances noun neutral
weaksubj allow verb positive
weaksubj allowable adj positive
strongsubj allure verb positive
strongsubj allure noun positive
strongsubj alluring anypos positive
strongsubj alluringly anypos positive
strongsubj allusion adj neutral
strongsubj allusion noun neutral
strongsubj allusions anypos neutral
strongsubj ally noun positive
strongsubj almighty adj positive
strongsubj aloof adj negative
weaksubj altercation noun negative
weaksubj although anypos negative
strongsubj altogether anypos neutral
strongsubj altruist noun positive
strongsubj altruistic adj positive
strongsubj altruistically adj positive
strongsubj amaze verb positive
strongsubj amazed adj positive
strongsubj amazement noun positive
strongsubj amazing adj positive
strongsubj amazing anypos positive
strongsubj amazingly anypos positive
strongsubj ambiguous adj negative
strongsubj ambiguity noun negative
weaksubj ambitious adj positive
weaksubj ambitious noun positive
weaksubj ambitiously anypos positive
strongsubj ambivalence anypos negative
strongsubj ambivalent adj negative
strongsubj ambivalent noun negative
weaksubj ambush noun negative
weaksubj ambush verb negative
strongsubj ameliorate verb positive
strongsubj amenable adj positive
weaksubj amenity noun positive
strongsubj amiability noun positive
strongsubj amiabily adverb positive
strongsubj amiable adj positive
strongsubj amicability noun positive
strongsubj amicable adj positive
strongsubj amicably adverb positive
strongsubj amiss anypos negative
weaksubj amity adj positive
weaksubj amity noun positive
weaksubj amnesty noun positive
strongsubj amour noun positive
weaksubj ample adj positive
weaksubj amply adverb positive
weaksubj amplify verb neutral
weaksubj amputate verb negative
strongsubj amuse verb positive
strongsubj amusement adj positive
strongsubj amusement noun positive
strongsubj amusing adj positive
strongsubj amusing anypos positive
strongsubj amusingly anypos positive
weaksubj analytical adj neutral
strongsubj anarchism noun negative
strongsubj anarchist noun negative
strongsubj anarchistic adj negative
strongsubj anarchy noun negative
weaksubj anemic adj negative
weaksubj angel noun positive
strongsubj angelic adj positive
strongsubj anger adj negative
strongsubj anger noun negative
strongsubj anger verb negative
strongsubj angrily anypos negative
strongsubj angriness anypos negative
strongsubj angry adj negative
strongsubj anguish noun negative
strongsubj anguish verb negative
strongsubj annihilate verb negative
strongsubj annihilation noun negative
weaksubj animated adj positive
strongsubj animosity noun negative
strongsubj annoy verb negative
strongsubj annoyance noun negative
strongsubj annoyed adj negative
strongsubj annoying adj negative
strongsubj annoying anypos negative
strongsubj annoyingly anypos negative
weaksubj anomalous adj negative
weaksubj anomaly noun negative
strongsubj antagonism noun negative
weaksubj antagonist noun negative
strongsubj antagonistic adj negative
strongsubj antagonize verb negative
strongsubj anti- noun negative
strongsubj anti-American adj negative
strongsubj anti-American noun negative
strongsubj anti-Israeli adj negative
strongsubj anti-Israeli noun negative
strongsubj anti-Semites adj negative
strongsubj anti-Semites noun negative
strongsubj anti-US adj negative
strongsubj anti-US noun negative
strongsubj anti-occupation adj negative
strongsubj anti-occupation noun negative
strongsubj anti-proliferation adj negative
strongsubj anti-proliferation noun negative
strongsubj anti-social adj negative
strongsubj anti-white adj negative
strongsubj anti-white noun negative
strongsubj antipathy noun negative
strongsubj antiquated adj negative
strongsubj antithetical adj negative
strongsubj antithetical noun negative
strongsubj anxieties noun negative
strongsubj anxiety noun negative
strongsubj anxious anypos negative
strongsubj anxiously anypos negative
strongsubj anxiousness noun negative
strongsubj anyhow anypos neutral
strongsubj anyway anypos neutral
strongsubj anyways anypos neutral
strongsubj apathetic adj negative
strongsubj apathetic noun negative
strongsubj apathetically adverb negative
strongsubj apathy noun negative
strongsubj ape verb negative
strongsubj apocalypse noun negative
strongsubj apocalyptic adj negative
strongsubj apologist adj negative
strongsubj apologist noun negative
strongsubj apologists adj negative
strongsubj apologists noun negative
strongsubj apostle adj positive
strongsubj apostle noun positive
strongsubj apotheosis adj positive
strongsubj apotheosis noun positive
strongsubj appal verb negative
strongsubj appall adj negative
strongsubj appall anypos negative
strongsubj appall verb negative
strongsubj appalled adj negative
strongsubj appalling adj negative
strongsubj appallingly anypos negative
weaksubj apparent anypos neutral
weaksubj apparently anypos neutral
weaksubj appeal adj positive
weaksubj appeal noun positive
weaksubj appeal verb positive
strongsubj appealing adj positive
weaksubj appear anypos neutral
weaksubj appearance adj neutral
weaksubj appearance noun neutral
weaksubj appease verb positive
strongsubj applaud verb positive
weaksubj appreciable adj positive
strongsubj appreciate verb positive
strongsubj appreciation adj positive
strongsubj appreciation noun positive
strongsubj appreciative anypos positive
strongsubj appreciatively anypos positive
strongsubj appreciativeness anypos positive
weaksubj apprehend verb neutral
strongsubj apprehension noun negative
strongsubj apprehensions adj negative
strongsubj apprehensions noun negative
strongsubj apprehensive adj negative
strongsubj apprehensive noun negative
strongsubj apprehensively anypos negative
weaksubj appropriate adj positive
weaksubj approval noun positive
weaksubj approve verb positive
weaksubj apt adj positive
weaksubj aptly adverb positive
weaksubj aptitude noun positive
strongsubj arbitrary adj negative
strongsubj arcane adj negative
strongsubj archaic adj negative
strongsubj ardent adj positive
strongsubj ardently anypos positive
strongsubj ardor noun positive
strongsubj arduous adj negative
strongsubj arduously anypos negative
weaksubj aristocratic adj positive
strongsubj argue verb negative
weaksubj argument adj negative
weaksubj argument noun negative
strongsubj argumentative anypos negative
weaksubj arguments adj negative
weaksubj arguments noun negative
strongsubj arousal anypos positive
strongsubj arouse verb positive
strongsubj arousing anypos positive
strongsubj arresting adj positive
strongsubj arrogance noun negative
strongsubj arrogant adj negative
strongsubj arrogant anypos negative
strongsubj arrogantly anypos negative
strongsubj arrogantly anypos negative
strongsubj articulate adj positive
weaksubj artificial adj negative
strongsubj ascendant adj positive
strongsubj ascendant noun positive
strongsubj ascertainable adj positive
strongsubj ascertainable noun positive
strongsubj ashamed adj negative
strongsubj asinine adj negative
strongsubj asininely adverb negative
strongsubj asinininity noun negative
strongsubj askance adverb negative
strongsubj asperse verb negative
strongsubj aspersion noun negative
strongsubj aspersions noun negative
strongsubj aspiration noun positive
strongsubj aspirations adj positive
strongsubj aspirations noun positive
strongsubj aspire verb positive
weaksubj assail verb negative
weaksubj assassinate verb negative
strongsubj assassin noun negative
weaksubj assault adj negative
weaksubj assault noun negative
strongsubj assent verb positive
strongsubj assertions adj positive
strongsubj assertions noun positive
weaksubj assertive adj positive
strongsubj assess verb neutral
weaksubj assessment adj neutral
weaksubj assessment noun neutral
weaksubj assessments adj neutral
weaksubj assessments noun neutral
weaksubj asset noun positive
strongsubj assiduous adj positive
strongsubj assiduously adverb positive
weaksubj assuage verb positive
weaksubj assumption adj neutral
weaksubj assumption noun neutral
weaksubj assurance adj positive
weaksubj assurance noun positive
weaksubj assurances adj positive
weaksubj assurances noun positive
strongsubj assure verb positive
strongsubj assuredly anypos positive
strongsubj astonish verb positive
strongsubj astonished adj positive
strongsubj astonishing adj positive
strongsubj astonishing anypos positive
strongsubj astonishingly anypos positive
strongsubj astonishment noun positive
strongsubj astound verb positive
strongsubj astounded adj positive
strongsubj astounding adj positive
strongsubj astounding anypos positive
strongsubj astounding anypos positive
strongsubj astoundingly anypos positive
weaksubj astray adj negative
strongsubj astronomic adj neutral
strongsubj astronomical adj neutral
strongsubj astronomically anypos neutral
strongsubj astute adj positive
strongsubj astutely adverb positive
strongsubj asunder anypos negative
weaksubj asylum adj positive
weaksubj asylum noun positive
strongsubj atrocious adj negative
strongsubj atrocities noun negative
strongsubj atrocity noun negative
strongsubj atrophy verb negative
weaksubj attack noun negative
weaksubj attack verb negative
weaksubj attain verb positive
weaksubj attainable adj positive
strongsubj attentive adj positive
strongsubj attest verb positive
strongsubj attitude adj neutral
strongsubj attitude noun neutral
weaksubj attitudes adj neutral
weaksubj attitudes noun neutral
strongsubj attraction adj positive
strongsubj attraction noun positive
strongsubj attractive adj positive
strongsubj attractive noun positive
strongsubj attractively anypos positive
weaksubj attune adj positive
strongsubj audacious adj negative
strongsubj audaciously anypos negative
strongsubj audaciousness noun negative
strongsubj audacity noun negative
strongsubj auspicious adj positive
strongsubj austere adj negative
weaksubj authentic adj positive
weaksubj authoritarian adj negative
weaksubj authoritative adj positive
strongsubj autocrat noun negative
strongsubj autocratic adj negative
weaksubj award adj positive
weaksubj award verb positive
strongsubj awareness noun neutral
strongsubj aware adj neutral
strongsubj autocratic adj negative
strongsubj autocratic noun negative
weaksubj autonomous adj positive
strongsubj avalanche adj negative
strongsubj avalanche noun negative
strongsubj avarice noun negative
strongsubj avaricious adj negative
strongsubj avariciously adj negative
strongsubj avenge verb negative
strongsubj aver verb positive
strongsubj averse anypos negative
strongsubj aversion noun negative
strongsubj avid adj positive
strongsubj avidly anypos positive
weaksubj avoid verb negative
weaksubj avoidance noun negative
strongsubj awe noun positive
strongsubj awe verb positive
strongsubj awed adj positive
strongsubj awesome adj positive
strongsubj awesome anypos positive
strongsubj awesomely anypos positive
strongsubj awesomeness noun positive
strongsubj awestruck adj positive
strongsubj awful adj negative
strongsubj awful anypos negative
strongsubj awfully anypos negative
strongsubj awfulness anypos negative
strongsubj awfulness noun negative
strongsubj awkward adj negative
strongsubj awkwardness noun negative
strongsubj ax verb negative
strongsubj babble verb negative
strongsubj baby adj neutral
strongsubj baby noun neutral
weaksubj back verb positive
strongsubj backbite verb negative
strongsubj backbiting anypos negative
weaksubj backbone noun positive
strongsubj backward adj negative
strongsubj backwardness noun negative
strongsubj bad adj negative
strongsubj badly adj negative
strongsubj baffle verb negative
strongsubj baffled adj negative
strongsubj bafflement noun negative
strongsubj baffling anypos negative
strongsubj bait verb negative
weaksubj balanced adj positive
strongsubj balk verb negative
strongsubj banal adj negative
strongsubj banal anypos negative
strongsubj banalize verb negative
strongsubj bane noun negative
strongsubj banish adj negative
strongsubj banish verb negative
strongsubj banishment noun negative
weaksubj bankrupt adj negative
weaksubj bankrupt verb negative
weaksubj bar verb negative
strongsubj barbarian adj negative
strongsubj barbarian noun negative
strongsubj barbaric adj negative
strongsubj barbarically anypos negative
strongsubj barbarity adj negative
strongsubj barbarity noun negative
strongsubj barbarous adj negative
strongsubj barbarous anypos negative
strongsubj barbarously anypos negative
weaksubj barely anypos negative
strongsubj bargain noun positive
strongsubj bargain adj positive
strongsubj barren adj negative
strongsubj baseless adj negative
strongsubj bashful adj negative
weaksubj basic adj positive
weaksubj basically anypos neutral
weaksubj bask verb positive
strongsubj bastard anypos negative
strongsubj bastard noun negative
weaksubj batons adj neutral
weaksubj batons noun neutral
weaksubj battered adj negative
weaksubj battering adj negative
weaksubj battering noun negative
weaksubj battle verb negative
strongsubj battle-lines adj negative
strongsubj battle-lines noun negative
weaksubj battlefield noun negative
strongsubj battleground adj negative
strongsubj battleground noun negative
strongsubj batty adj negative
weaksubj beacon noun positive
weaksubj bearish adj negative
strongsubj beast adj negative
strongsubj beast noun negative
strongsubj beastly adj negative
strongsubj beatify verb positive
strongsubj beauteous adj positive
strongsubj beautiful adj positive
strongsubj beautiful anypos positive
strongsubj beautifully anypos positive
strongsubj beautify verb positive
strongsubj beauty noun positive
strongsubj bedlam noun negative
strongsubj bedlamite noun negative
strongsubj befit verb positive
strongsubj befitting adj positive
strongsubj befoul verb negative
strongsubj befriend verb positive
strongsubj beg verb negative
weaksubj beggar noun negative
strongsubj beggarly adj negative
strongsubj begging adj negative
strongsubj begging noun negative
strongsubj beguile verb negative
weaksubj belated adj negative
strongsubj belabor verb negative
strongsubj beleaguer verb negative
strongsubj belie verb negative
strongsubj belief adj neutral
strongsubj belief noun neutral
weaksubj beliefs adj neutral
weaksubj beliefs noun neutral
strongsubj believable adj positive
strongsubj believe verb neutral
strongsubj belittle verb negative
strongsubj belittled adj negative
strongsubj belittling anypos negative
strongsubj bellicose adj negative
strongsubj bellicose noun negative
strongsubj belligerence noun negative
strongsubj belligerent adj negative
strongsubj belligerent anypos negative
strongsubj belligerently anypos negative
strongsubj beloved adj positive
strongsubj bemoan verb negative
strongsubj bemoaning adj negative
strongsubj bemused adj negative
weaksubj benefactor noun positive
weaksubj beneficial adj positive
strongsubj beneficent adj positive
strongsubj beneficial anypos positive
strongsubj beneficially anypos positive
strongsubj beneficiary adj positive
strongsubj beneficiary noun positive
weaksubj benefit adj positive
weaksubj benefit noun positive
weaksubj benefits adj positive
weaksubj benefits noun positive
strongsubj benevolence noun positive
strongsubj benevolent adj positive
weaksubj benign adj positive
weaksubj bent adj negative
strongsubj berate verb negative
strongsubj bereave verb negative
strongsubj bereavement noun negative
strongsubj bereft anypos negative
strongsubj berserk adj negative
strongsubj beseech verb negative
weaksubj beset adj negative
strongsubj besides anypos neutral
weaksubj besiege verb negative
strongsubj besmirch verb negative
strongsubj best anypos positive
strongsubj best-known adj positive
strongsubj best-performing adj positive
weaksubj best-selling adj positive
strongsubj bestial adj negative
strongsubj betray verb negative
strongsubj betrayal noun negative
strongsubj betrayals noun negative
strongsubj betrayer noun negative
strongsubj better adj positive
weaksubj better anypos positive
strongsubj better-known adj positive
strongsubj better-than-expected adj positive
strongsubj bewail verb negative
weaksubj beware verb negative
strongsubj bewilder verb negative
strongsubj bewildered adj negative
strongsubj bewildering adj negative
strongsubj bewildering anypos negative
strongsubj bewilderingly anypos negative
strongsubj bewilderment noun negative
strongsubj bewitch verb negative
strongsubj bias adj negative
strongsubj bias noun negative
strongsubj bias verb negative
strongsubj biased adj negative
strongsubj biased noun negative
strongsubj biases adj negative
strongsubj biases noun negative
strongsubj bicker verb negative
strongsubj bickering anypos negative
weaksubj bid-rigging adj negative
weaksubj big adj neutral
strongsubj bitch verb negative
strongsubj bitchy adj negative
strongsubj biting adj negative
strongsubj bitingly anypos negative
strongsubj bitter adj negative
strongsubj bitterly anypos negative
strongsubj bitterness noun negative
strongsubj bizarre adj negative
strongsubj blab verb negative
strongsubj blabber verb negative
weaksubj black adj negative
weaksubj blackmail verb negative
strongsubj blah anypos negative
strongsubj blame adj negative
strongsubj blame noun negative
strongsubj blame verb negative
strongsubj blameless adj positive
strongsubj blameworthy adj negative
strongsubj bland adj negative
strongsubj blandish verb negative
strongsubj blaspheme verb negative
strongsubj blasphemous adj negative
strongsubj blasphemous anypos negative
strongsubj blasphemy noun negative
weaksubj blast anypos negative
strongsubj blasted anypos negative
strongsubj blatant adj negative
strongsubj blatantly adj negative
strongsubj blather verb negative
strongsubj bleak adj negative
strongsubj bleakly anypos negative
strongsubj bleakness noun negative
weaksubj bleed verb negative
weaksubj blemish noun negative
weaksubj blemish verb negative
strongsubj bless verb positive
strongsubj blessing adj positive
strongsubj blessing noun positive
weaksubj blind anypos negative
strongsubj blinding adj negative
strongsubj blinding anypos negative
strongsubj blindingly adj negative
weaksubj blindness adj negative
strongsubj blindside verb negative
strongsubj bliss noun positive
strongsubj blissful adj positive
strongsubj blissfully adverb positive
strongsubj blister verb negative
strongsubj blistering adj negative
strongsubj blithe adj positive
strongsubj bloated adj negative
weaksubj block noun negative
weaksubj block verb negative
strongsubj blockhead adj negative
weaksubj blood adj neutral
weaksubj blood noun negative
strongsubj bloodshed noun negative
strongsubj bloodthirsty adj negative
weaksubj bloody adj negative
weaksubj bloom verb positive
weaksubj blossom verb positive
weaksubj blow adj negative
weaksubj blow noun negative
strongsubj blunder adj negative
strongsubj blunder noun negative
strongsubj blundering anypos negative
strongsubj blunders anypos negative
strongsubj blunt adj negative
weaksubj blur verb negative
strongsubj blurt verb negative
strongsubj boast verb positive
strongsubj boast verb negative
strongsubj boastful adj negative
strongsubj boggle verb negative
strongsubj bogus adj negative
strongsubj boil verb negative
strongsubj boiling adverb negative
strongsubj boisterous adj negative
strongsubj bold adj positive
strongsubj boldly adverb positive
strongsubj boldness noun positive
strongsubj bolster verb positive
weaksubj bombard verb negative
weaksubj bomb verb negative
strongsubj bombardment adj negative
strongsubj bombardment noun negative
strongsubj bombastic adj negative
strongsubj bondage noun negative
strongsubj bonkers adj negative
strongsubj bonkers noun negative
strongsubj bonny adj positive
weaksubj bonus noun positive
weaksubj boom noun positive
weaksubj booming adj positive
weaksubj boost adj positive
weaksubj boost verb positive
strongsubj bore verb negative
strongsubj boredom noun negative
strongsubj boring adj negative
strongsubj boring anypos negative
strongsubj botch verb negative
strongsubj bother noun negative
strongsubj bother verb negative
strongsubj bothersome adj negative
strongsubj boundless adj positive
strongsubj bountiful adj positive
strongsubj bowdlerize verb negative
weaksubj boycott adj negative
weaksubj boycott noun negative
strongsubj brag noun both
strongsubj brag verb both
strongsubj braggart anypos negative
strongsubj braggart noun negative
strongsubj bragger anypos negative
strongsubj bragger noun negative
strongsubj brains adj positive
strongsubj brains noun positive
strongsubj brainwash verb negative
strongsubj brainy adj positive
strongsubj brash adj negative
strongsubj brashly anypos negative
strongsubj brashness noun negative
strongsubj brat noun negative
strongsubj bravado noun negative
strongsubj brave adj positive
strongsubj brave verb positive
strongsubj bravery adj positive
strongsubj bravery noun positive
strongsubj brazen anypos negative
strongsubj brazenly anypos negative
strongsubj brazenly anypos negative
strongsubj brazenness noun negative
strongsubj brazenness noun negative
weaksubj breach adj negative
weaksubj breach noun negative
weaksubj break verb negative
strongsubj break-point adj negative
strongsubj break-point noun negative
weaksubj breakdown verb negative
weaksubj breakthrough adj positive
weaksubj breakthrough noun positive
weaksubj breakthroughs adj positive
weaksubj breakthroughs noun positive
strongsubj breathlessness adj positive
strongsubj breathlessness noun positive
strongsubj breathtaking adj positive
strongsubj breathtakingly anypos positive
weaksubj bright adj positive
weaksubj brighten anypos positive
weaksubj brightness noun positive
weaksubj brilliance noun positive
strongsubj brilliant adj positive
strongsubj brilliant anypos positive
strongsubj brilliantly anypos positive
strongsubj brimstone adj negative
strongsubj brimstone noun negative
weaksubj brisk adj positive
strongsubj bristle verb negative
weaksubj brittle adj negative
weaksubj broad adj positive
weaksubj broad-based adj neutral
weaksubj broke adj negative
strongsubj broken-hearted adj negative
strongsubj brood verb negative
strongsubj brook verb positive
weaksubj brotherly adj positive
strongsubj browbeat verb negative
weaksubj bruise noun negative
strongsubj brusque adj negative
strongsubj brutal adj negative
strongsubj brutalising adj negative
strongsubj brutalising noun negative
strongsubj brutalities anypos negative
strongsubj brutalities noun negative
strongsubj brutality noun negative
strongsubj brutalize verb negative
strongsubj brutalizing adj negative
strongsubj brutally anypos negative
strongsubj brute noun negative
strongsubj brutish adj negative
weaksubj bug verb negative
weaksubj buckle verb negative
weaksubj bulky adj negative
weaksubj bull adj positive
weaksubj bull noun positive
strongsubj bullies adj negative
strongsubj bullies noun negative
weaksubj bullish adj positive
weaksubj bullish noun positive
strongsubj bully adj negative
strongsubj bully noun negative
strongsubj bullyingly anypos negative
weaksubj bum noun negative
weaksubj bumpy adj negative
strongsubj bungle verb negative
strongsubj bungler anypos negative
weaksubj bunk noun negative
weaksubj buoyant adj positive
strongsubj burden adj negative
strongsubj burden noun negative
strongsubj burdensome adj negative
strongsubj burdensome anypos negative
strongsubj burdensomely anypos negative
strongsubj burn verb negative
weaksubj busy adj negative
strongsubj busybody noun negative
weaksubj butcher verb negative
strongsubj butchery noun negative
strongsubj byzantine adj negative
strongsubj cackle verb negative
strongsubj cajole verb negative
strongsubj calamities noun negative
strongsubj calamitous adj negative
strongsubj calamitously anypos negative
strongsubj calamity anypos negative
strongsubj calamity noun negative
strongsubj callous adj negative
weaksubj calm adj positive
weaksubj calm verb positive
strongsubj calming anypos positive
weaksubj calmness noun positive
strongsubj calumniate verb negative
strongsubj calumniation noun negative
strongsubj calumnies noun negative
strongsubj calumnious adj negative
strongsubj calumniously anypos negative
strongsubj calumny noun negative
weaksubj cancer noun negative
weaksubj cancerous adj negative
strongsubj candid adj positive
strongsubj candor noun positive
strongsubj cannibal noun negative
strongsubj cannibalize verb negative
weaksubj capable adj positive
weaksubj capability noun positive
weaksubj capably adj positive
weaksubj capitalize verb positive
weaksubj capitulate verb negative
strongsubj capricious adj negative
strongsubj capriciously anypos negative
strongsubj capriciousness noun negative
weaksubj capsize verb negative
strongsubj captivate verb positive
strongsubj captivating adj positive
strongsubj captivation noun positive
weaksubj captive adj negative
weaksubj care verb positive
strongsubj carefree adj positive
weaksubj careful adj positive
strongsubj careless adj negative
strongsubj carelessness noun negative
strongsubj caricature verb negative
strongsubj carnage noun negative
strongsubj carp verb negative
weaksubj cartoon adj negative
weaksubj cartoon noun negative
strongsubj cartoonish anypos negative
weaksubj cash-strapped adj negative
strongsubj castigate verb negative
weaksubj casualty noun negative
strongsubj cataclysm noun negative
strongsubj cataclysmal adj negative
strongsubj cataclysmic adj negative
strongsubj cataclysmically anypos negative
strongsubj catalyst adj positive
strongsubj catalyst noun positive
strongsubj catastrophe anypos negative
strongsubj catastrophe noun negative
strongsubj catastrophes noun negative
strongsubj catastrophic adj negative
strongsubj catastrophic anypos negative
strongsubj catastrophically anypos negative
strongsubj catchy adj positive
strongsubj caustic adj negative
strongsubj caustically anypos negative
strongsubj cautionary adj negative
weaksubj cautious adj negative
weaksubj cave verb negative
weaksubj ceaseless adj neutral
strongsubj celebrate verb positive
strongsubj celebrated adj positive
strongsubj celebration noun positive
strongsubj celebratory anypos positive
weaksubj celebrity noun positive
strongsubj censure adj negative
strongsubj censure noun negative
strongsubj censure verb negative
weaksubj central adj neutral
weaksubj certain anypos neutral
strongsubj certainly anypos neutral
weaksubj certified adj neutral
strongsubj chafe verb negative
strongsubj chaff verb negative
strongsubj chagrin noun negative
strongsubj chagrin verb negative
weaksubj challenge noun negative
weaksubj challenge verb negative
weaksubj challenging adj negative
weaksubj champion adj positive
weaksubj champion anypos positive
weaksubj champ noun positive
weaksubj champion noun positive
weaksubj chant adj neutral
weaksubj chant noun neutral
strongsubj chaos noun negative
strongsubj chaotic adj negative
strongsubj charisma noun negative
strongsubj charismatic adj positive
weaksubj charitable adj positive
weaksubj charitable noun positive
weaksubj charity noun positive
strongsubj charm adj positive
strongsubj charm noun positive
strongsubj charm verb positive
strongsubj charming adj positive
strongsubj charming anypos positive
strongsubj charmingly adj positive
strongsubj chaste adj positive
strongsubj chasten verb negative
strongsubj chastise verb negative
strongsubj chastisement anypos negative
strongsubj chatter verb negative
strongsubj chatterbox anypos negative
strongsubj cheapen verb negative
strongsubj cheap adj negative
strongsubj cheat noun negative
strongsubj cheat verb negative
strongsubj cheater anypos negative
strongsubj cheer noun positive
strongsubj cheer verb positive
strongsubj cheery adj positive
strongsubj cheerful adj positive
strongsubj cheerless adj negative
strongsubj cherish verb positive
strongsubj cherished adj positive
strongsubj cherub noun positive
strongsubj chic adj positive
strongsubj chide verb negative
strongsubj childish adj negative
weaksubj chill verb negative
weaksubj chilly adj negative
strongsubj chit anypos negative
strongsubj chivalry noun positive
strongsubj chivalrous adj positive
weaksubj choppy adj negative
weaksubj choke verb negative
weaksubj chore noun negative
weaksubj chronic adj negative
weaksubj chum noun positive
strongsubj civility noun positive
weaksubj civilization noun positive
weaksubj civilize adj positive
weaksubj civilize verb positive
weaksubj civil adj positive
weaksubj claim anypos neutral
weaksubj clamor noun negative
weaksubj clamorous adj negative
weaksubj clandestine adj neutral
weaksubj clarity adj positive
weaksubj clash adj negative
weaksubj clash noun negative
weaksubj classic noun positive
weaksubj clean adj positive
weaksubj cleanliness noun positive
weaksubj cleanse verb positive
weaksubj clear anypos positive
strongsubj clear-cut adj positive
strongsubj clearer adj positive
strongsubj clearer noun positive
strongsubj clearly anypos positive
strongsubj clever adj positive
strongsubj cliche anypos negative
strongsubj cliched anypos negative
weaksubj clique noun negative
weaksubj clog verb negative
weaksubj close adj negative
strongsubj closeness adj positive
strongsubj closeness noun positive
strongsubj cloud verb negative
strongsubj clout adj positive
strongsubj clout noun positive
strongsubj clumsy adj negative
weaksubj co-operation adj positive
weaksubj co-operation noun positive
weaksubj coarse adj negative
strongsubj coax verb positive
strongsubj cocky adj negative
weaksubj coddle verb positive
strongsubj coerce verb negative
strongsubj coercion noun negative
strongsubj coercive adj negative
strongsubj cogent adj positive
weaksubj cohesive adj positive
strongsubj cogitate verb neutral
weaksubj cognizance adj neutral
weaksubj cognizance noun neutral
strongsubj cognizant noun neutral
weaksubj cohere verb positive
strongsubj coherence adj positive
strongsubj coherence noun positive
weaksubj coherent adj positive
weaksubj cohesion noun positive
weaksubj cohesive adj positive
weaksubj cold adj negative
strongsubj coldly adverb negative
weaksubj collapse adj negative
weaksubj collapse verb negative
weaksubj collide verb negative
strongsubj collude verb negative
strongsubj collusion noun negative
weaksubj colorful adj positive
weaksubj colossal adj positive
weaksubj combative adj negative
weaksubj comeback adj positive
weaksubj comeback noun positive
weaksubj comedy noun negative
weaksubj comedy adj negative
strongsubj comely adj positive
weaksubj comfort verb positive
weaksubj comfortable adj positive
weaksubj comfortable noun positive
weaksubj comfortably adverb positive
strongsubj comforting anypos positive
weaksubj comical adj negative
strongsubj commend verb positive
strongsubj commendable adj positive
strongsubj commendably adverb positive
weaksubj commensurate adj positive
weaksubj commonsense noun positive
weaksubj commonsensible adj positive
weaksubj commonsensibly adverb positive
weaksubj commonsensical adj positive
weaksubj comment adj neutral
weaksubj comment noun neutral
weaksubj commentator adj neutral
weaksubj commentator noun neutral
weaksubj commodious adj positive
strongsubj commiserate verb negative
weaksubj commitment adj positive
weaksubj commitment noun positive
weaksubj commonplace adj negative
strongsubj commotion adj negative
strongsubj commotion noun negative
weaksubj compact adj positive
strongsubj compassion noun positive
strongsubj compassionate adj positive
weaksubj compatible adj positive
weaksubj compatible noun positive
strongsubj compel verb negative
strongsubj compelling adj positive
strongsubj compelling noun positive
strongsubj compensate verb positive
weaksubj competent adj positive
weaksubj competence noun positive
weaksubj competency noun positive
weaksubj competitive adj positive
weaksubj competitive noun positive
weaksubj competitiveness anypos positive
strongsubj complacent adj negative
strongsubj complacent noun negative
strongsubj complain verb negative
strongsubj complaining adj negative
strongsubj complaining noun negative
strongsubj complaint noun negative
strongsubj complaints adj negative
strongsubj complaints noun negative
strongsubj complement noun positive
weaksubj complement verb positive
weaksubj complete adj neutral
weaksubj completely adverb neutral
weaksubj complex adj negative
strongsubj compliant adj positive
strongsubj compliant noun positive
weaksubj complicate verb negative
weaksubj complicated adj negative
weaksubj complication noun negative
strongsubj complicit adj negative
strongsubj compliment verb positive
strongsubj complimentary anypos positive
strongsubj comprehend verb neutral
weaksubj comprehensive adj positive
weaksubj compromise adj positive
weaksubj compromise noun positive
weaksubj compromise verb positive
weaksubj compromises adj positive
weaksubj compromises noun positive
strongsubj compulsion noun negative
strongsubj compulsive adj negative
weaksubj compulsory adj negative
strongsubj comrades adj positive
strongsubj comrades noun positive
strongsubj concede verb negative
strongsubj conceit noun negative
strongsubj conceited adj negative
strongsubj conceivable adj positive
strongsubj conceivable noun positive
strongsubj concern adj negative
strongsubj concern noun negative
weaksubj concern verb negative
strongsubj concerned anypos negative
weaksubj concerning adj neutral
weaksubj concerning noun neutral
strongsubj concerns adj negative
strongsubj concerns noun negative
weaksubj concerted adj neutral
weaksubj concession adj negative
weaksubj concession noun negative
weaksubj concessions adj negative
weaksubj concessions noun negative
strongsubj conciliate verb positive
strongsubj conciliatory adj positive
weaksubj conclusive adj positive
weaksubj concrete adj positive
strongsubj concur verb positive
strongsubj condescend verb negative
strongsubj condescending adj negative
strongsubj condescendingly adverb negative
strongsubj condescension noun negative
strongsubj condemn anypos negative
strongsubj condemn verb negative
strongsubj condemnable adj negative
strongsubj condemnation noun negative
strongsubj condolence noun negative
strongsubj condolences adj negative
strongsubj condolences noun negative
strongsubj condone verb positive
weaksubj conducive adj positive
weaksubj conducive noun positive
weaksubj confer verb positive
strongsubj confess verb negative
strongsubj confession noun negative
strongsubj confessions adj negative
strongsubj confessions noun negative
strongsubj confide verb neutral
strongsubj confidence adj positive
strongsubj confidence noun positive
strongsubj confident adj positive
weaksubj conflict adj negative
weaksubj conflict noun negative
weaksubj confound anypos negative
weaksubj confound verb negative
weaksubj confounded anypos negative
weaksubj confounding anypos negative
weaksubj confront verb negative
strongsubj confrontation adj negative
strongsubj confrontation noun negative
weaksubj confrontational adj negative
strongsubj confuse verb negative
strongsubj confused anypos negative
strongsubj confusing adj negative
strongsubj confusing anypos negative
strongsubj confusion adj negative
strongsubj confusion noun negative
strongsubj confute verb positive
strongsubj congenial adj positive
weaksubj congested adj negative
weaksubj congestion noun negative
strongsubj congratulate verb positive
strongsubj congratulations adj positive
strongsubj congratulations noun positive
strongsubj congratulatory anypos positive
strongsubj conjecture verb neutral
weaksubj conquer verb positive
weaksubj conscience adj neutral
weaksubj conscience noun positive
strongsubj conscientious adj positive
weaksubj consciousness adj neutral
weaksubj consciousness noun neutral
strongsubj consensus noun positive
strongsubj consent verb positive
strongsubj consequently anypos neutral
strongsubj consider verb neutral
strongsubj considerable adj neutral
strongsubj considerably anypos neutral
strongsubj considerate adj positive
weaksubj consideration adj neutral
weaksubj consideration noun neutral
weaksubj consistent adj positive
weaksubj console verb positive
strongsubj conspicuous adj negative
strongsubj conspicuous noun negative
strongsubj conspicuously anypos negative
weaksubj conspiracies adj negative
weaksubj conspiracies noun negative
weaksubj conspiracy adj negative
weaksubj conspiracy noun negative
strongsubj conspirator adj negative
strongsubj conspirator noun negative
strongsubj conspiratorial anypos negative
strongsubj conspire verb negative
strongsubj constancy noun positive
strongsubj consternation noun negative
weaksubj constitutions adj neutral
weaksubj constitutions noun neutral
weaksubj constrain verb negative
weaksubj constraint noun negative
weaksubj constructive adj positive
weaksubj constructive adj positive
weaksubj constructive noun positive
weaksubj consume verb negative
strongsubj consummate adj positive
weaksubj contagious adj negative
weaksubj contaminate verb negative
weaksubj contamination noun negative
strongsubj contemplate verb neutral
strongsubj contempt noun negative
strongsubj contemptible adj negative
strongsubj contemptuous adj negative
strongsubj contemptuously anypos negative
strongsubj contend verb negative
strongsubj content adj positive
weaksubj content verb positive
strongsubj contention noun negative
strongsubj contentment noun positive
strongsubj contentious adj negative
strongsubj contentious noun negative
weaksubj continuity noun positive
weaksubj continuous adj neutral
strongsubj contort verb negative
strongsubj contortions adj negative
strongsubj contortions noun negative
strongsubj contradict verb negative
strongsubj contradiction noun negative
strongsubj contradictory adj negative
strongsubj contrariness anypos negative
strongsubj contrary adj negative
strongsubj contravene verb negative
weaksubj contribution adj positive
weaksubj contribution noun positive
strongsubj contrive verb negative
strongsubj contrived anypos negative
weaksubj controversial adj negative
weaksubj controversial noun negative
weaksubj controversy adj negative
weaksubj controversy noun negative
weaksubj convenient adj positive
strongsubj convenient anypos positive
strongsubj conveniently anypos positive
weaksubj conviction adj positive
weaksubj conviction noun positive
weaksubj convince verb positive
strongsubj convincing adj positive
strongsubj convincing noun positive
strongsubj convincingly anypos positive
strongsubj convoluted adj negative
weaksubj cooperate verb positive
weaksubj cooperation adj positive
weaksubj cooperation noun positive
weaksubj cooperative adj positive
weaksubj cooperatively adverb positive
weaksubj coping adj negative
weaksubj coping noun negative
weaksubj cordial adj positive
strongsubj cornerstone adj positive
strongsubj cornerstone noun positive
weaksubj correct adj positive
weaksubj correct anypos positive
weaksubj corrective adj neutral
strongsubj correctly anypos positive
weaksubj corrode verb negative
weaksubj corrosion noun negative
weaksubj corrosive adj negative
strongsubj corrupt adj negative
strongsubj corrupt verb negative
strongsubj corruption noun negative
weaksubj cost-effective adj positive
weaksubj cost-saving adj positive
weaksubj costly adj negative
weaksubj could anypos neutral
strongsubj counterproductive adj negative
strongsubj coupists adj negative
strongsubj coupists noun negative
strongsubj courage adj positive
strongsubj courage noun positive
strongsubj courageous adj positive
strongsubj courageously anypos positive
strongsubj courageousness noun positive
strongsubj court verb positive
strongsubj courteous adj positive
strongsubj courtesy noun positive
strongsubj courtly adj positive
weaksubj covenant noun positive
weaksubj covert adj neutral
strongsubj covet verb both
strongsubj coveting adj both
strongsubj covetingly anypos both
strongsubj covetous adj negative
strongsubj covetous anypos negative
strongsubj covetously anypos both
weaksubj cow verb negative
strongsubj coward noun negative
strongsubj cowardly anypos negative
strongsubj cozy adj positive
weaksubj crackdown adj negative
weaksubj crackdown noun negative
strongsubj crafty adj negative
weaksubj cramped adj negative
strongsubj cranky adj negative
strongsubj crass adj negative
strongsubj crave verb positive
strongsubj craven anypos negative
strongsubj cravenly anypos negative
strongsubj craving noun positive
strongsubj craze noun negative
strongsubj crazily anypos negative
strongsubj craziness noun negative
strongsubj crazy anypos negative
strongsubj creative adj positive
strongsubj credence adj positive
strongsubj credence noun positive
strongsubj credible adj positive
strongsubj credulous adj negative
weaksubj crime noun negative
weaksubj criminal noun negative
strongsubj cringe verb negative
strongsubj cripple verb negative
strongsubj crippling adj negative
weaksubj crisis adj negative
weaksubj crisis noun negative
weaksubj crisp adj positive
strongsubj critic noun negative
strongsubj critical anypos negative
strongsubj criticism adj negative
strongsubj criticism noun negative
strongsubj criticisms adj negative
strongsubj criticisms noun negative
strongsubj criticize verb negative
strongsubj critics adj negative
strongsubj critics noun negative
strongsubj crook noun negative
strongsubj crooked adj negative
strongsubj cross adj negative
weaksubj crowded adj negative
weaksubj crude adj negative
strongsubj cruel adj negative
strongsubj cruelties noun negative
strongsubj cruelty noun negative
weaksubj crumble verb negative
weaksubj crumple verb negative
strongsubj crusade adj positive
strongsubj crusade noun positive
strongsubj crusader noun positive
weaksubj crush verb negative
weaksubj crushing adj negative
strongsubj cry verb negative
strongsubj culpable adj negative
strongsubj cuplrit noun negative
strongsubj cumbersome adj negative
strongsubj cure-all adj positive
strongsubj cure-all noun positive
strongsubj curious anypos positive
strongsubj curiously anypos positive
strongsubj curse noun negative
strongsubj curse verb negative
strongsubj cursed adj negative
strongsubj cursed anypos negative
strongsubj curses noun negative
weaksubj cursory adj negative
weaksubj curt adj negative
strongsubj cuss verb negative
weaksubj cut verb negative
strongsubj cute adj positive
strongsubj cutthroat adj negative
strongsubj cynical adj negative
strongsubj cynicism noun negative
weaksubj damage noun negative
weaksubj damage verb negative
weaksubj damaging adj negative
strongsubj damn adj negative
strongsubj damn noun negative
strongsubj damn verb negative
strongsubj damnable anypos negative
strongsubj damnably anypos negative
strongsubj damnation anypos negative
strongsubj damned anypos negative
strongsubj damning anypos negative
weaksubj dance noun positive
weaksubj dance verb positive
weaksubj danger adj negative
weaksubj danger noun negative
weaksubj dangerous adj negative
strongsubj dangerousness adj negative
strongsubj dangerousness noun negative
strongsubj dangle verb negative
strongsubj dare verb positive
strongsubj daring anypos positive
strongsubj daringly anypos positive
weaksubj dark adj negative
weaksubj darken verb negative
weaksubj darkness noun negative
strongsubj darling anypos positive
strongsubj darn anypos negative
weaksubj dash verb negative
strongsubj dashing adj positive
strongsubj dastard noun negative
strongsubj dastardly anypos negative
strongsubj daunt verb negative
strongsubj daunting anypos negative
strongsubj dauntingly anypos negative
strongsubj dauntless adj positive
strongsubj dawdle verb negative
weaksubj dawn verb positive
strongsubj daydream verb positive
strongsubj daydreamer anypos positive
strongsubj daze verb negative
strongsubj dazed adj negative
strongsubj dazzle verb positive
strongsubj dazzled adj positive
strongsubj dazzling anypos positive
weaksubj dead adj negative
strongsubj deadbeat adj negative
strongsubj deadlock noun negative
strongsubj deadlock verb negative
weaksubj deadly adj negative
strongsubj deadweight adj negative
weaksubj deaf adj negative
weaksubj deal noun positive
strongsubj dear adj positive
strongsubj dearth noun negative
weaksubj death noun negative
strongsubj debacle noun negative
strongsubj debase verb negative
strongsubj debasement noun negative
strongsubj debaser noun negative
strongsubj debatable anypos negative
strongsubj debate verb negative
strongsubj debauch verb negative
strongsubj debaucher noun negative
strongsubj debauchery noun negative
weaksubj debilitate verb negative
weaksubj debilitating adj negative
weaksubj debility noun negative
strongsubj decadence noun negative
strongsubj decadent adj negative
strongsubj decay noun negative
strongsubj decay verb negative
strongsubj decayed anypos negative
strongsubj deceit noun negative
strongsubj deceitful anypos negative
strongsubj deceitfully anypos negative
strongsubj deceitfulness anypos negative
strongsubj deceiving adj negative
strongsubj deceive verb negative
strongsubj deceiver noun negative
strongsubj deceivers noun negative
weaksubj decent adj positive
weaksubj decency noun positive
strongsubj deception adj negative
strongsubj deception noun negative
strongsubj deceptive adj negative
strongsubj deceptive noun negative
strongsubj deceptively anypos negative
weaksubj decide verb neutral
weaksubj decisive adj positive
weaksubj decisiveness adj positive
weaksubj decisiveness noun positive
strongsubj declaim verb negative
weaksubj decline noun negative
weaksubj decline verb negative
weaksubj declining adj negative
weaksubj decrease noun negative
weaksubj decrease verb negative
weaksubj decreasing adj negative
weaksubj decrement noun negative
strongsubj decrepit adj negative
strongsubj decrepitude noun negative
strongsubj decry verb negative
strongsubj dedicated adj positive
strongsubj deduce verb neutral
weaksubj deep adj neutral
weaksubj deep noun negative
strongsubj deeply anypos neutral
strongsubj deepening adj negative
strongsubj deepening noun negative
strongsubj defamation noun negative
strongsubj defamations noun negative
strongsubj defamatory anypos negative
strongsubj defame verb negative
weaksubj defeat noun negative
weaksubj defeat verb negative
weaksubj defect noun negative
strongsubj defective adj negative
weaksubj defend verb positive
strongsubj defender adj positive
strongsubj defender noun positive
weaksubj defensive adj negative
strongsubj deference noun positive
weaksubj defense noun positive
strongsubj defiance adj negative
strongsubj defiance noun negative
strongsubj defiant adj negative
strongsubj defiantly anypos negative
weaksubj deficiency noun negative
weaksubj deficient adj negative
strongsubj defile verb negative
strongsubj defiler noun negative
weaksubj definite adj positive
weaksubj definitely anypos positive
weaksubj definitive adj positive
weaksubj definitive noun positive
strongsubj definitively anypos positive
weaksubj deflationary adj positive
weaksubj deform verb negative
weaksubj deformed adj negative
strongsubj defrauding adj negative
strongsubj defrauding noun negative
strongsubj deft adj positive
strongsubj defunct adj negative
strongsubj defy verb negative
strongsubj degenerate adj negative
strongsubj degenerate verb negative
strongsubj degenerately anypos negative
strongsubj degeneration noun negative
strongsubj degradation noun negative
strongsubj degrade verb negative
strongsubj degrading adj negative
strongsubj degradingly anypos negative
strongsubj dehumanization noun negative
strongsubj dehumanize verb negative
strongsubj deign verb negative
strongsubj deject verb negative
strongsubj dejected adj negative
strongsubj dejectedly adj negative
strongsubj dejection noun negative
strongsubj delectable adj positive
weaksubj delicacy noun positive
weaksubj delicate adj positive
strongsubj delicious adj positive
strongsubj delight noun positive
strongsubj delight verb positive
strongsubj delighted adj positive
strongsubj delightful adj positive
strongsubj delightful anypos positive
strongsubj delightfully anypos positive
strongsubj delightfulness noun positive
weaksubj delinquency noun negative
weaksubj delinquent adj negative
strongsubj delirious adj negative
strongsubj delirium noun negative
strongsubj delude verb negative
strongsubj deluded adj negative
weaksubj deluge noun negative
strongsubj delusion adj negative
strongsubj delusion noun negative
strongsubj delusional adj negative
strongsubj delusional anypos negative
strongsubj delusions adj negative
strongsubj delusions noun negative
weaksubj demand adj both
weaksubj demand noun both
strongsubj demand verb both
weaksubj demands adj both
weaksubj demands noun both
strongsubj demean verb negative
strongsubj demeaning adj negative
strongsubj demise noun negative
weaksubj democratic adj positive
weaksubj demolish verb negative
weaksubj demolisher noun negative
strongsubj demon noun negative
strongsubj demonic adj negative
strongsubj demonize anypos negative
strongsubj demonize verb negative
strongsubj demoralize verb negative
strongsubj demoralizing anypos negative
strongsubj demoralizingly anypos negative
strongsubj demystify verb positive
strongsubj denial noun negative
strongsubj denigrate verb negative
strongsubj deny verb negative
strongsubj denounce verb negative
strongsubj denunciate verb negative
strongsubj denunciation noun negative
strongsubj denunciations noun negative
weaksubj dependable adj positive
weaksubj dependent adj neutral
weaksubj dependent noun neutral
weaksubj deplete verb negative
strongsubj deplorable adj negative
strongsubj deplorable anypos negative
strongsubj deplorably anypos negative
strongsubj deplore verb negative
strongsubj deploring adj negative
strongsubj deploringly anypos negative
strongsubj deprave verb negative
strongsubj depraved adj negative
strongsubj depravedly anypos negative
strongsubj deprecate verb negative
weaksubj depress verb negative
strongsubj depressed adj negative
strongsubj depressing adj negative
strongsubj depressing anypos negative
strongsubj depressingly anypos negative
weaksubj depression adj negative
weaksubj depression noun negative
strongsubj deprive verb negative
strongsubj deprived adj negative
strongsubj deride verb negative
strongsubj derision noun negative
strongsubj derisive anypos negative
strongsubj derisively anypos negative
strongsubj derisiveness anypos negative
strongsubj derogatory adj negative
strongsubj desecrate verb negative
strongsubj deserve verb positive
strongsubj deserved adj positive
strongsubj deservedly adverb positive
strongsubj deserving adj positive
strongsubj desert verb negative
strongsubj desertion noun negative
strongsubj desiccate verb negative
strongsubj desiccated adj negative
strongsubj desirable adj positive
strongsubj desire adj positive
strongsubj desire noun positive
strongsubj desire verb positive
strongsubj desirous anypos positive
strongsubj desolate adj negative
strongsubj desolately anypos negative
strongsubj desolation noun negative
strongsubj despair noun negative
strongsubj despair verb negative
strongsubj despairing adj negative
strongsubj despairingly anypos negative
strongsubj desperate adj negative
strongsubj desperately anypos negative
strongsubj desperation noun negative
strongsubj despicable adj negative
strongsubj despicably anypos negative
strongsubj despise verb negative
strongsubj despised adj negative
strongsubj despised anypos negative
strongsubj despite anypos negative
strongsubj despoil verb negative
strongsubj despoiler noun negative
strongsubj despondence noun negative
strongsubj despondency noun negative
strongsubj despondent adj negative
strongsubj despondently anypos negative
strongsubj despot noun negative
strongsubj despotic adj negative
strongsubj despotism adj negative
strongsubj despotism noun negative
strongsubj destabilisation adj negative
strongsubj destabilisation noun negative
weaksubj destine verb positive
weaksubj destined adj positive
strongsubj destinies adj positive
strongsubj destinies noun positive
strongsubj destiny noun positive
weaksubj destiny adj neutral
weaksubj destiny noun neutral
strongsubj destitute adj negative
strongsubj destitution noun negative
weaksubj destroy verb negative
strongsubj destroyer adj negative
strongsubj destroyer noun negative
weaksubj destruction noun negative
strongsubj destructive adj negative
strongsubj desultory adj negative
weaksubj deter verb negative
weaksubj deteriorate adj negative
weaksubj deteriorating adj negative
weaksubj deteriorating noun negative
weaksubj deterioration noun negative
strongsubj determination adj positive
strongsubj determination noun positive
weaksubj deterrent anypos negative
strongsubj detest verb negative
strongsubj detestable anypos negative
strongsubj detestably anypos negative
weaksubj detract verb negative
weaksubj detraction noun negative
strongsubj detriment noun negative
strongsubj detrimental adj negative
strongsubj devastate anypos negative
strongsubj devastated anypos negative
strongsubj devastating anypos negative
strongsubj devastatingly anypos negative
weaksubj devastation noun negative
weaksubj deviate adj negative
weaksubj deviate noun negative
weaksubj deviate verb negative
weaksubj deviation noun negative
strongsubj devil noun negative
strongsubj devilish adj negative
strongsubj devilishly anypos negative
strongsubj devilment noun negative
strongsubj devilry noun negative
strongsubj devious anypos negative
strongsubj deviously anypos negative
strongsubj deviousness noun negative
strongsubj devoid adj negative
strongsubj devote verb positive
strongsubj devoted adj positive
strongsubj devotee noun positive
strongsubj devotion noun positive
weaksubj devout adj positive
weaksubj dexterity noun positive
strongsubj dexterous adj positive
strongsubj dexterously adverb positive
strongsubj dextrous adj positive
strongsubj diabolic adj negative
strongsubj diabolical adj negative
strongsubj diabolically adverb negative
strongsubj diametrically adverb negative
strongsubj diatribe anypos negative
strongsubj diatribes anypos negative
weaksubj dictator noun negative
weaksubj dictatorial adj negative
weaksubj differ verb negative
weaksubj difference adj neutral
weaksubj difference noun neutral
weaksubj difficult adj negative
weaksubj difficulties adj negative
weaksubj difficulties noun negative
strongsubj difficulty adj negative
strongsubj difficulty noun negative
strongsubj diffidence adj negative
strongsubj diffidence noun negative
weaksubj dig noun negative
weaksubj dig verb positive
strongsubj dignified adj positive
weaksubj dignify verb positive
strongsubj dignity noun positive
strongsubj digress verb negative
strongsubj dilapidated adj negative
weaksubj dilemma adj negative
weaksubj dilemma noun negative
weaksubj diligence noun positive
weaksubj diligent adj positive
weaksubj diligently adverb positive
strongsubj dilly-dally verb negative
strongsubj dim adj negative
weaksubj dim anypos negative
weaksubj diminish verb negative
weaksubj diminishing adj negative
weaksubj din noun negative
weaksubj dinky adj negative
weaksubj diplomacy adj neutral
weaksubj diplomacy noun neutral
weaksubj diplomatic adj positive
weaksubj diplomatic noun positive
strongsubj dire adj negative
weaksubj direct adj neutral
strongsubj direly anypos negative
strongsubj direness noun negative
weaksubj dirt noun negative
weaksubj dirty adj negative
weaksubj dirty anypos negative
weaksubj disable verb negative
weaksubj disabled adj negative
strongsubj disaccord noun negative
strongsubj disadvantage noun negative
weaksubj disadvantaged adj negative
strongsubj disadvantageous adj negative
strongsubj disadvantageous noun negative
strongsubj disaffect verb negative
strongsubj disaffected adj negative
strongsubj disaffirm verb negative
strongsubj disagree verb negative
strongsubj disagreeable anypos negative
strongsubj disagreeably anypos negative
strongsubj disagreement adj negative
strongsubj disagreement noun negative
strongsubj disallow verb negative
strongsubj disappoint verb negative
strongsubj disappointed adj negative
strongsubj disappointing anypos negative
strongsubj disappointingly anypos negative
strongsubj disappointment adj negative
strongsubj disappointment noun negative
strongsubj disapprobation noun negative
strongsubj disapproval adj negative
strongsubj disapproval noun negative
strongsubj disapprove anypos negative
strongsubj disapproving anypos negative
weaksubj disarm verb negative
strongsubj disarray adj negative
strongsubj disarray noun negative
strongsubj disaster noun negative
strongsubj disastrous adj negative
strongsubj disastrously anypos negative
strongsubj disavow verb negative
strongsubj disavowal noun negative
strongsubj disbelief noun negative
strongsubj disbelieve verb negative
strongsubj disbeliever noun negative
strongsubj discern verb neutral
strongsubj discerning anypos positive
strongsubj disclaim verb negative
strongsubj discombobulate verb negative
strongsubj discomfit verb negative
strongsubj discomfititure noun negative
weaksubj discomfort noun negative
weaksubj discompose verb negative
strongsubj disconcert verb negative
strongsubj disconcerted adj negative
strongsubj disconcerting anypos negative
strongsubj disconcertingly anypos negative
strongsubj disconsolate adj negative
strongsubj disconsolately adverb negative
strongsubj disconsolation noun negative
strongsubj discontent adj negative
strongsubj discontent noun negative
strongsubj discontented adj negative
strongsubj discontentedly adverb negative
strongsubj discontinuity adj negative
strongsubj discontinuity noun negative
strongsubj discord noun negative
strongsubj discordance noun negative
strongsubj discordant adj negative
strongsubj discountenance noun negative
strongsubj discourage verb negative
strongsubj discouragement noun negative
strongsubj discouraging anypos negative
strongsubj discouragingly anypos negative
strongsubj discourteous adj negative
strongsubj discourteously adj negative
strongsubj discredit verb negative
weaksubj discreet adj positive
weaksubj discreet noun positive
weaksubj discrepant adj negative
weaksubj discretion noun positive
weaksubj discriminate verb negative
weaksubj discriminating adj positive
weaksubj discriminatingly adverb positive
weaksubj discrimination adj negative
weaksubj discrimination noun negative
strongsubj discriminatory adj negative
strongsubj disdain noun negative
strongsubj disdain verb negative
strongsubj disdainful anypos negative
strongsubj disdainfully anypos negative
weaksubj disease noun negative
weaksubj diseased adj negative
strongsubj disfavor verb negative
strongsubj disgrace noun negative
strongsubj disgrace verb negative
strongsubj disgraced adj negative
strongsubj disgraceful anypos negative
strongsubj disgracefully anypos negative
strongsubj disgruntle verb negative
strongsubj disgruntled adj negative
strongsubj disgust noun negative
strongsubj disgust verb negative
strongsubj disgusted adj negative
strongsubj disgustedly anypos negative
strongsubj disgustful adj negative
strongsubj disgustfully anypos negative
strongsubj disgusting anypos negative
strongsubj disgustingly anypos negative
strongsubj dishearten verb negative
strongsubj disheartening anypos negative
strongsubj dishearteningly anypos negative
strongsubj dishonest adj negative
strongsubj dishonest noun negative
strongsubj dishonestly anypos negative
strongsubj dishonesty noun negative
strongsubj dishonor noun negative
strongsubj dishonor verb negative
strongsubj dishonorable adj negative
strongsubj dishonorablely adverb negative
strongsubj disillusion noun negative
strongsubj disillusion verb negative
strongsubj disillusioned adj negative
strongsubj disinclination noun negative
strongsubj disinclined anypos negative
strongsubj disingenuous adj negative
strongsubj disingenuously adverb negative
weaksubj disintegrate verb negative
weaksubj disinterested adj negative
weaksubj disintegration noun negative
strongsubj disinterest noun negative
strongsubj disinterested adj negative
strongsubj dislike verb negative
weaksubj dislocated adj negative
strongsubj disloyal adj negative
strongsubj disloyal noun negative
strongsubj disloyalty anypos negative
strongsubj dismal adj negative
strongsubj dismally anypos negative
strongsubj dismalness noun negative
strongsubj dismay noun negative
strongsubj dismay verb negative
strongsubj dismayed adj negative
strongsubj dismaying anypos negative
strongsubj dismayingly anypos negative
strongsubj dismissive adj negative
strongsubj dismissive noun negative
strongsubj dismissively anypos negative
strongsubj disobedience noun negative
strongsubj disobedient adj negative
strongsubj disobey verb negative
strongsubj disown verb negative
weaksubj disorder noun negative
weaksubj disorder verb negative
weaksubj disordered adj negative
weaksubj disorderly adj negative
strongsubj disorganized adj negative
strongsubj disorient verb negative
strongsubj disoriented adj negative
strongsubj disown verb negative
strongsubj disparage verb negative
strongsubj disparaging adj negative
strongsubj disparagingly anypos negative
weaksubj dispensable adj negative
strongsubj dispirit verb negative
strongsubj dispirited adj negative
strongsubj dispiritedly adverb negative
strongsubj dispiriting anypos negative
weaksubj displace verb negative
weaksubj displaced adj negative
strongsubj displease verb negative
strongsubj displeasing adj negative
strongsubj displeasure adj negative
strongsubj displeasure noun negative
strongsubj disposition noun neutral
weaksubj disproportionate adj negative
strongsubj disprove verb negative
strongsubj disputable anypos negative
strongsubj dispute noun negative
strongsubj dispute verb negative
strongsubj disputed adj negative
strongsubj disquiet verb negative
strongsubj disquieting anypos negative
strongsubj disquietingly anypos negative
strongsubj disquietude noun negative
strongsubj disregard adj negative
strongsubj disregard noun negative
strongsubj disregardful adj negative
strongsubj disreputable adj negative
strongsubj disrepute noun negative
strongsubj disrespect verb negative
strongsubj disrespectable adj negative
strongsubj disrespectablity noun negative
strongsubj disrespectful anypos negative
strongsubj disrespectfully anypos negative
strongsubj disrespectfulness noun negative
strongsubj disrespecting adj negative
strongsubj disrespecting noun negative
strongsubj disrupt verb negative
strongsubj disruption adj negative
strongsubj disruption noun negative
strongsubj disruptive adj negative
strongsubj dissatisfaction adj negative
strongsubj dissatisfaction noun negative
strongsubj dissatisfactory adj negative
strongsubj dissatisfied adj negative
strongsubj dissatisfy verb negative
strongsubj dissatisfying anypos negative
strongsubj dissemble verb negative
strongsubj dissembler noun negative
strongsubj dissension noun negative
strongsubj dissent adj negative
strongsubj dissent noun negative
strongsubj dissenter noun negative
strongsubj dissention noun negative
strongsubj disservice adj negative
strongsubj disservice noun negative
strongsubj dissidence noun negative
strongsubj dissident adj negative
strongsubj dissident noun negative
strongsubj dissidents adj negative
strongsubj dissidents noun negative
strongsubj dissocial adj negative
strongsubj dissolute adj negative
weaksubj dissolution noun negative
strongsubj dissonance noun negative
strongsubj dissonant adj negative
strongsubj dissonantly adverb negative
strongsubj dissuade verb negative
strongsubj dissuasive adj negative
strongsubj distaste noun negative
strongsubj distasteful adj negative
strongsubj distastefully adverb negative
weaksubj distinct adj positive
weaksubj distinction noun positive
weaksubj distinctive adj positive
weaksubj distinctive adj positive
weaksubj distinctive noun positive
weaksubj distinctly adj neutral
weaksubj distinguish verb positive
strongsubj distinguished adj positive
strongsubj distort verb negative
strongsubj distortion adj negative
strongsubj distortion noun negative
weaksubj distract verb negative
strongsubj distracting adj negative
strongsubj distraction adj negative
strongsubj distraction noun negative
strongsubj distraught adj negative
strongsubj distraughtly anypos negative
strongsubj distraughtness noun negative
strongsubj distress verb negative
strongsubj distressed adj negative
strongsubj distressing adj negative
strongsubj distressingly anypos negative
strongsubj distrust verb negative
strongsubj distrustful adj negative
strongsubj distrusting anypos negative
strongsubj disturb verb negative
strongsubj disturbed adj negative
strongsubj disturbed-let adj negative
strongsubj disturbed-let noun negative
strongsubj disturbing anypos negative
strongsubj disturbingly anypos negative
strongsubj disunity noun negative
strongsubj disvalue noun negative
weaksubj divergent adj negative
weaksubj diversified adj positive
weaksubj divide verb negative
weaksubj divided adj negative
strongsubj divine adj positive
strongsubj divine anypos positive
strongsubj divinely anypos positive
weaksubj division noun negative
strongsubj divisive adj negative
strongsubj divisively adverb negative
strongsubj divisiveness noun negative
weaksubj divorce noun negative
weaksubj divorce verb negative
weaksubj divorced adj negative
strongsubj dizzy adj negative
strongsubj dizzing adj negative
strongsubj dizzingly adverb negative
strongsubj doddering adj negative
strongsubj dodge adj positive
strongsubj dodge noun positive
strongsubj dodgey adj negative
strongsubj dogged adj negative
strongsubj doggedly adverb negative
strongsubj dogmatic adj negative
strongsubj doldrums noun negative
weaksubj dominance adj negative
weaksubj dominance noun negative
weaksubj dominant adj neutral
weaksubj dominant noun neutral
weaksubj dominate verb negative
strongsubj domination adj negative
strongsubj domination noun negative
strongsubj domineer verb negative
strongsubj domineering adj negative
strongsubj domineering noun negative
strongsubj doom verb negative
strongsubj doomsday adj negative
strongsubj doomsday noun negative
weaksubj dope noun negative
strongsubj dote verb positive
strongsubj dotingly adverb positive
strongsubj doubt noun negative
strongsubj doubt verb negative
strongsubj doubtful adj negative
strongsubj doubtfully adverb negative
strongsubj doubtless adverb positive
strongsubj doubts adj negative
strongsubj doubts noun negative
weaksubj down noun negative
strongsubj downbeat adj negative
strongsubj downcast adj negative
strongsubj downer noun negative
strongsubj downfall noun negative
strongsubj downfallen noun negative
weaksubj downgrade verb negative
strongsubj downhearted adj negative
strongsubj downheartedly adverb negative
strongsubj downright anypos neutral
strongsubj downside noun negative
strongsubj drab adj negative
strongsubj draconian adj negative
strongsubj draconic adj negative
strongsubj dragon noun negative
strongsubj dragons adj negative
strongsubj dragons noun negative
strongsubj dragoon verb negative
strongsubj drain adj negative
strongsubj drain noun negative
strongsubj drama adj negative
strongsubj drama noun negative
strongsubj dramatic adj neutral
strongsubj dramatically anypos neutral
strongsubj drastic adj negative
strongsubj drastically adj negative
strongsubj dread anypos negative
strongsubj dread verb negative
strongsubj dreadful anypos negative
strongsubj dreadfully anypos negative
strongsubj dreadfulness noun negative
weaksubj dream adj positive
weaksubj dream noun positive
strongsubj dream verb positive
strongsubj dreamland noun positive
weaksubj dreams adj positive
weaksubj dreams noun positive
weaksubj dreamy adj positive
strongsubj dreary adj negative
weaksubj drive noun positive
weaksubj driven adj positive
strongsubj drones adj negative
strongsubj drones noun negative
weaksubj droop verb negative
weaksubj drought adj negative
weaksubj drought noun negative
weaksubj drowning anypos negative
strongsubj drunk adj negative
strongsubj drunkard noun negative
strongsubj drunken adj negative
strongsubj dubious adj negative
strongsubj dubiously adverb negative
strongsubj dubitable adj negative
weaksubj dud anypos negative
weaksubj dull adj negative
strongsubj dullard noun negative
strongsubj dumb adj negative
strongsubj dumb noun negative
strongsubj dumbfound verb negative
strongsubj dumbfounded adj negative
strongsubj dummy noun negative
weaksubj dump noun negative
strongsubj dunce noun negative
strongsubj dungeon noun negative
strongsubj dungeons adj negative
strongsubj dungeons noun negative
strongsubj dupe verb negative
weaksubj durable adj positive
weaksubj durability noun positive
weaksubj dusty adj negative
weaksubj duty noun neutral
weaksubj dwindle verb negative
weaksubj dwindling adj negative
weaksubj dynamic adj positive
weaksubj dying anypos negative
strongsubj eager adj positive
strongsubj eagerly anypos positive
strongsubj eagerness noun positive
strongsubj earnest adj positive
strongsubj earnestly anypos positive
strongsubj earnestness anypos positive
strongsubj earsplitting adj negative
weaksubj ease noun positive
weaksubj ease verb positive
weaksubj easier anypos positive
weaksubj easiest anypos positive
weaksubj easily anypos positive
weaksubj easiness anypos positive
weaksubj easy adj positive
strongsubj easygoing adj positive
strongsubj ebullience noun positive
strongsubj ebullient adj positive
strongsubj ebulliently anypos positive
weaksubj eccentric adj negative
weaksubj eccentricity noun negative
strongsubj eclectic adj positive
weaksubj economical adj positive
strongsubj ecstasies noun positive
strongsubj ecstasy noun positive
strongsubj ecstatic adj positive
strongsubj ecstatically anypos positive
strongsubj edgy adj negative
strongsubj edify verb positive
weaksubj educable adj positive
weaksubj educated adj positive
weaksubj educational adj positive
weaksubj effective adj positive
weaksubj effectively adverb neutral
weaksubj effectiveness noun positive
weaksubj effectual adj positive
weaksubj efficacious adj positive
weaksubj efficiency noun positive
weaksubj efficient adj positive
strongsubj effigy noun negative
strongsubj effortless adj positive
strongsubj effortlessly adverb positive
strongsubj effrontery anypos negative
strongsubj effusion noun positive
strongsubj effusive adj positive
strongsubj effusively anypos positive
strongsubj effusiveness noun positive
weaksubj egalitarian adj positive
strongsubj ego adj negative
strongsubj ego noun negative
strongsubj egocentric adj negative
strongsubj egomania noun negative
strongsubj egotism noun negative
strongsubj egotistical adj negative
strongsubj egotistically adverb negative
strongsubj egregious adj negative
strongsubj egregiously anypos negative
strongsubj ejaculate verb negative
strongsubj elaborate adj neutral
strongsubj elan noun positive
weaksubj elate verb positive
strongsubj elated adj positive
strongsubj elatedly adverb positive
strongsubj elation noun positive
strongsubj election-rigger adj negative
strongsubj election-rigger noun negative
strongsubj electrification adj positive
strongsubj electrification noun positive
weaksubj electrify verb positive
strongsubj elegance noun positive
strongsubj elegant adj positive
strongsubj elegantly adverb positive
weaksubj elevate verb positive
weaksubj elevated adj positive
weaksubj eligible adj positive
weaksubj eliminate verb negative
weaksubj elimination noun negative
weaksubj elite anypos positive
strongsubj eloquence noun positive
strongsubj eloquent adj positive
strongsubj eloquently anypos positive
weaksubj else anypos neutral
strongsubj emaciated anypos negative
weaksubj emancipate verb positive
strongsubj emasculate verb negative
strongsubj embarrass verb negative
strongsubj embarrassing anypos negative
strongsubj embarrassingly anypos negative
strongsubj embarrassment noun negative
weaksubj embattled adj negative
strongsubj embellish verb positive
strongsubj embodiment noun neutral
weaksubj embolden verb positive
strongsubj embrace verb positive
strongsubj embroil verb negative
strongsubj embroiled adj negative
strongsubj embroilment noun negative
strongsubj eminence noun positive
strongsubj eminent adj positive
strongsubj emotion adj neutral
strongsubj emotion noun neutral
strongsubj emotional adj negative
weaksubj emotions adj neutral
weaksubj emotions noun neutral
strongsubj empathize verb negative
strongsubj empathy noun negative
weaksubj emphasise adj neutral
weaksubj emphasise noun neutral
strongsubj emphatic anypos negative
strongsubj emphatically anypos negative
weaksubj empower verb positive
weaksubj empowerment noun positive
strongsubj emptiness adj negative
strongsubj emptiness noun negative
weaksubj empty adj negative
weaksubj enable verb positive
strongsubj enchant verb positive
strongsubj enchanted anypos positive
strongsubj enchanting anypos positive
strongsubj enchantingly anypos positive
weaksubj encourage verb positive
strongsubj encouragement adj positive
strongsubj encouragement noun positive
strongsubj encouraging adj positive
strongsubj encouraging noun positive
strongsubj encouragingly anypos positive
weaksubj encroach verb negative
weaksubj encroachment noun negative
strongsubj endanger verb negative
strongsubj endear verb positive
strongsubj endearing adj positive
weaksubj endless adj negative
strongsubj endorse verb positive
strongsubj endorsement adj positive
strongsubj endorsement noun positive
strongsubj endorser noun positive
strongsubj endurable adj positive
strongsubj endure verb positive
strongsubj enduring adj positive
weaksubj enemies adj negative
weaksubj enemies noun negative
weaksubj enemy noun negative
weaksubj energetic adj positive
weaksubj energetic noun positive
weaksubj energize verb positive
strongsubj enervate verb negative
strongsubj enfeeble verb negative
strongsubj enflame verb negative
weaksubj engage verb neutral
strongsubj engaging adj positive
weaksubj engross verb neutral
strongsubj engrossing anypos positive
weaksubj engulf verb negative
weaksubj enhance verb positive
weaksubj enhanced adj positive
weaksubj enhancement noun positive
strongsubj enjoin verb negative
weaksubj enjoy verb positive
strongsubj enjoyable adj positive
strongsubj enjoyably adverb positive
strongsubj enjoyment noun positive
weaksubj enlighten verb positive
weaksubj enlightenment noun positive
weaksubj enliven verb positive
strongsubj enmity noun negative
strongsubj ennoble verb positive
strongsubj enormities noun negative
strongsubj enormity noun negative
strongsubj enormous anypos negative
strongsubj enormously anypos negative
weaksubj enough anypos neutral
strongsubj enrage verb negative
strongsubj enraged adj negative
strongsubj enrapt adj positive
weaksubj enrapture verb positive
strongsubj enraptured anypos positive
weaksubj enrich verb positive
weaksubj enrichment noun positive
strongsubj enslave verb negative
weaksubj ensure verb positive
weaksubj entangle verb negative
weaksubj entanglement noun negative
weaksubj enterprising adj positive
weaksubj entertain verb positive
strongsubj entertaining adj positive
strongsubj enthral verb positive
strongsubj enthrall verb positive
strongsubj enthralled anypos positive
strongsubj enthuse verb positive
strongsubj enthusiasm noun positive
strongsubj enthusiast noun positive
strongsubj enthusiastic adj positive
strongsubj enthusiastically adverb positive
strongsubj entice verb positive
strongsubj enticing anypos positive
strongsubj enticingly anypos positive
weaksubj entire anypos neutral
strongsubj entirely anypos neutral
weaksubj entrance verb positive
strongsubj entranced anypos positive
strongsubj entrancing adj positive
strongsubj entrap verb negative
strongsubj entrapment noun negative
strongsubj entreat verb positive
strongsubj entreatingly anypos positive
strongsubj entrenchment adj neutral
strongsubj entrenchment noun neutral
weaksubj entrust verb positive
strongsubj enviable adj positive
strongsubj enviably anypos positive
strongsubj envious adj negative
strongsubj enviously anypos negative
strongsubj enviousness noun negative
weaksubj envision verb positive
weaksubj envisions adj positive
weaksubj envisions noun positive
strongsubj envy noun negative
strongsubj envy verb negative
strongsubj epic adj positive
weaksubj epidemic adj negative
strongsubj epitome noun positive
weaksubj equality adj positive
weaksubj equality noun positive
weaksubj equitable adj positive
strongsubj equivocal adj negative
weaksubj eradicate verb negative
weaksubj erase verb negative
weaksubj erode verb negative
weaksubj erosion noun negative
strongsubj err verb negative
weaksubj errant adj negative
strongsubj erratic adj negative
strongsubj erratically adverb negative
strongsubj erroneous adj negative
strongsubj erroneous anypos negative
strongsubj erroneously anypos negative
weaksubj error adj negative
weaksubj error noun negative
strongsubj erudite adj positive
weaksubj escapade noun negative
strongsubj eschew verb negative
weaksubj esoteric adj negative
weaksubj essential adj positive
strongsubj especially anypos positive
strongsubj esteem noun positive
strongsubj esteem verb positive
strongsubj estranged adj negative
weaksubj established adj positive
weaksubj eternal adj negative
strongsubj eternity adj positive
strongsubj eternity noun positive
strongsubj ethical adj positive
strongsubj eulogize verb positive
strongsubj euphoria noun positive
strongsubj euphoric adj positive
strongsubj euphorically anypos positive
strongsubj evaluate verb neutral
weaksubj evaluation adj neutral
weaksubj evaluation noun neutral
weaksubj evade verb negative
weaksubj evasion noun negative
weaksubj evasive adj negative
weaksubj even adverb positive
weaksubj evenly adverb positive
weaksubj eventful adj positive
strongsubj everlasting adj positive
weaksubj evident anypos positive
strongsubj evidently anypos positive
strongsubj evil adj negative
strongsubj evil noun negative
strongsubj evildoer noun negative
strongsubj evils adj negative
strongsubj evils noun negative
strongsubj eviscerate verb negative
strongsubj evocative adj positive
strongsubj exacerbate verb negative
strongsubj exact adj neutral
weaksubj exacting adj negative
strongsubj exactly anypos neutral
strongsubj exaggerate verb negative
strongsubj exaggeration adj negative
strongsubj exaggeration noun negative
strongsubj exalt adj positive
strongsubj exalt verb positive
strongsubj exaltation noun positive
strongsubj exalted adj positive
strongsubj exaltedly adverb positive
strongsubj exalting adj positive
strongsubj exaltingly anypos positive
strongsubj exasperate verb negative
strongsubj exasperation noun negative
strongsubj exasperating adj negative
strongsubj exasperatingly anypos negative
strongsubj exceed verb positive
strongsubj exceeding adj positive
strongsubj exceedingly anypos positive
strongsubj excel verb positive
strongsubj excellence noun positive
strongsubj excellency noun positive
strongsubj excellent anypos positive
strongsubj excellently anypos positive
strongsubj exceptional anypos positive
strongsubj exceptionally anypos positive
strongsubj excessive adj negative
strongsubj excessively adj negative
weaksubj excite verb positive
strongsubj excited adj positive
strongsubj excitedly anypos positive
strongsubj excitedness noun positive
strongsubj excitement noun positive
strongsubj exciting adj positive
strongsubj excitingly adverb positive
strongsubj exclaim verb negative
weaksubj exclude verb negative
weaksubj exclusion noun negative
weaksubj exclusive adj positive
weaksubj exclusively adj neutral
strongsubj excoriate verb negative
strongsubj excruciating anypos negative
strongsubj excruciatingly anypos negative
strongsubj excusable adj positive
strongsubj excusable noun positive
weaksubj excuse adj negative
weaksubj excuse noun negative
weaksubj excuse verb positive
weaksubj excuses adj negative
weaksubj excuses noun negative
strongsubj execrate verb negative
strongsubj exemplar noun positive
strongsubj exemplary adj positive
weaksubj exhaust verb negative
weaksubj exhaustion noun negative
weaksubj exhaustive adj positive
weaksubj exhaustively adverb positive
strongsubj exhilarate verb positive
strongsubj exhilarating anypos positive
strongsubj exhilaratingly anypos positive
strongsubj exhilaration noun positive
strongsubj exhort verb negative
weaksubj exile verb negative
strongsubj exonerate verb positive
strongsubj exorbitant adj negative
strongsubj exorbitantance noun negative
strongsubj exorbitantly anypos negative
strongsubj expansive adj positive
weaksubj expectation adj neutral
weaksubj expectation noun neutral
weaksubj expedient adj negative
weaksubj expediencies adj negative
weaksubj expediencies noun negative
weaksubj expel verb negative
weaksubj expensive adj negative
weaksubj expensive noun negative
weaksubj experienced adj positive
weaksubj expert adj positive
strongsubj expertly adverb positive
strongsubj expire verb negative
strongsubj explicit adj positive
strongsubj explicitly adverb positive
weaksubj explode verb negative
strongsubj exploit verb negative
strongsubj exploitation adj negative
strongsubj exploitation noun negative
weaksubj expose verb negative
weaksubj exposed adj negative
weaksubj explosive adj negative
weaksubj expound verb neutral
weaksubj expression adj neutral
weaksubj expression noun neutral
weaksubj expressions adj neutral
weaksubj expressions noun neutral
weaksubj expressive adj positive
weaksubj expropriate adj negative
weaksubj expropriate noun negative
weaksubj expropriation adj negative
weaksubj expropriation noun negative
weaksubj expulse verb negative
strongsubj expunge verb negative
strongsubj exquisite adj positive
strongsubj exquisitely adverb positive
strongsubj extemporize verb neutral
weaksubj extensive adj neutral
strongsubj extensively anypos neutral
strongsubj exterminate verb negative
strongsubj extermination noun negative
weaksubj extinguish verb negative
strongsubj extol verb positive
strongsubj extoll verb positive
weaksubj extort verb negative
strongsubj extortion noun negative
weaksubj extraneous adj negative
strongsubj extraordinarily anypos positive
strongsubj extraordinary anypos positive
strongsubj extravagance noun negative
strongsubj extravagant adj negative
strongsubj extravagantly anypos negative
weaksubj extreme adj negative
strongsubj extreme anypos negative
strongsubj extremely anypos negative
weaksubj extremism adj negative
weaksubj extremism noun negative
weaksubj extremist adj negative
weaksubj extremists adj negative
weaksubj extremists noun negative
strongsubj exuberance noun positive
strongsubj exuberant adj positive
strongsubj exuberantly anypos positive
strongsubj exult verb positive
strongsubj exultation noun positive
strongsubj exultingly anypos positive
weaksubj eyebrows adj neutral
weaksubj eyebrows noun neutral
weaksubj fabricate verb negative
strongsubj fabrication noun negative
strongsubj fabulous adj positive
strongsubj fabulously anypos positive
strongsubj facetious adj negative
strongsubj facetiously adverb negative
weaksubj facilitate verb positive
strongsubj fact anypos neutral
strongsubj facts anypos neutral
weaksubj factual anypos neutral
weaksubj fading anypos negative
weaksubj fail verb negative
strongsubj failing noun negative
weaksubj failure adj negative
weaksubj failure noun negative
weaksubj failures adj negative
weaksubj failures noun negative
weaksubj faint adj negative
strongsubj fainthearted adj negative
weaksubj fair adj positive
weaksubj fair noun positive
weaksubj fairly adverb positive
weaksubj fairness adj positive
weaksubj fairness noun positive
strongsubj faith adj positive
strongsubj faith noun positive
strongsubj faithful adj positive
strongsubj faithful noun positive
strongsubj faithfully anypos positive
strongsubj faithfulness noun positive
strongsubj faithless adj negative
strongsubj fake adj negative
weaksubj fall verb negative
strongsubj fallacies adj negative
strongsubj fallacies noun negative
strongsubj fallacious adj negative
strongsubj fallaciously adverb negative
strongsubj fallaciousness noun negative
strongsubj fallacy noun negative
strongsubj fallout noun negative
strongsubj false adj negative
strongsubj false anypos negative
strongsubj falsehood noun negative
strongsubj falsely anypos negative
strongsubj falsify verb negative
strongsubj falter verb negative
weaksubj famed adj positive
weaksubj familiar adj neutral
weaksubj familiar anypos neutral
strongsubj fame noun positive
strongsubj famed adj positive
strongsubj famine noun negative
strongsubj famished adj negative
weaksubj famous adj positive
strongsubj famously adj positive
strongsubj fanatic noun negative
strongsubj fanatical adj negative
strongsubj fanatically anypos negative
strongsubj fanaticism noun negative
strongsubj fanatics noun negative
strongsubj fanciful adj negative
strongsubj fancy adj positive
strongsubj fancy verb positive
strongsubj fanfare adj positive
strongsubj fanfare noun positive
strongsubj fantastic anypos positive
strongsubj fantastically anypos positive
strongsubj fantasy adj positive
strongsubj fantasy noun positive
strongsubj far-fetched adj negative
weaksubj far-reaching adj neutral
strongsubj farfetched adj negative
strongsubj farce noun negative
strongsubj farcical anypos negative
strongsubj farcical-yet-provocative adj negative
strongsubj farcically anypos negative
weaksubj farsighted adj positive
strongsubj fascinate verb positive
strongsubj fascinating anypos positive
strongsubj fascinatingly anypos positive
strongsubj fascination anypos positive
strongsubj fascism adj negative
strongsubj fascism noun negative
strongsubj fascist anypos negative
strongsubj fashionable adj positive
strongsubj fashionably adverb positive
weaksubj fast adj neutral
weaksubj fast-growing adj positive
weaksubj fast-paced adj positive
weaksubj fastest-growing adj positive
strongsubj fastidious adj negative
strongsubj fastidiously adverb negative
strongsubj fastuous adj negative
weaksubj fat adj negative
weaksubj fatal adj negative
strongsubj fatalistic adj negative
strongsubj fatalistically adverb negative
weaksubj fatally adverb negative
strongsubj fateful adj negative
strongsubj fatefully adverb negative
weaksubj fathom verb positive
strongsubj fathomless adj negative
weaksubj fatigue noun negative
weaksubj fatty adj negative
strongsubj fatuity noun negative
strongsubj fatuous adj negative
strongsubj fatuously adverb negative
strongsubj fault verb negative
weaksubj faulty adj negative
weaksubj favor adj positive
weaksubj favor noun positive
strongsubj favor verb positive
strongsubj favorable adj positive
strongsubj favorable anypos positive
weaksubj favored adj positive
strongsubj favorite adj positive
strongsubj fawn verb both
strongsubj fawningly adverb negative
strongsubj favour noun positive
weaksubj faze verb negative
strongsubj fear noun negative
strongsubj fear verb negative
strongsubj fearful adj negative
strongsubj fearfully anypos negative
strongsubj fearless adj positive
strongsubj fearlessly adverb positive
strongsubj fears adj negative
strongsubj fears noun negative
strongsubj fearsome adj negative
weaksubj feasible adj positive
weaksubj feasibly adverb positive
weaksubj feat noun positive
strongsubj featly anypos positive
strongsubj feckless adj negative
weaksubj feeble adj negative
weaksubj feeblely adj negative
strongsubj feebleminded adj negative
strongsubj feel anypos neutral
strongsubj feels anypos neutral
strongsubj felt verb neutral
strongsubj feeling adj neutral
strongsubj feeling noun neutral
strongsubj feeling verb neutral
strongsubj feelings adj neutral
strongsubj feelings noun neutral
weaksubj feign verb negative
weaksubj feint noun negative
strongsubj feisty adj positive
strongsubj feisty noun positive
strongsubj felicitate verb positive
strongsubj felicitous adj positive
strongsubj felicity noun positive
strongsubj fell adj negative
weaksubj felon noun negative
weaksubj felonious adj negative
strongsubj ferocious adj negative
strongsubj ferociously adverb negative
strongsubj ferocity noun negative
weaksubj fertile adj positive
weaksubj fertile noun positive
strongsubj fervent adj positive
strongsubj fervently anypos positive
strongsubj fervid adj positive
strongsubj fervidly anypos positive
strongsubj fervor noun positive
weaksubj feverish adj negative
strongsubj festive adj positive
strongsubj fetid adj negative
weaksubj fever noun negative
strongsubj fiasco noun negative
weaksubj fiat adj negative
weaksubj fiat noun negative
strongsubj fib noun negative
strongsubj fib verb negative
strongsubj fibber noun negative
strongsubj fickle adj negative
weaksubj fiction adj negative
weaksubj fiction noun negative
weaksubj fictional adj negative
strongsubj fictitious adj negative
strongsubj fidelity noun positive
strongsubj fidget verb negative
strongsubj fidgety adj negative
strongsubj fiend noun negative
strongsubj fiendish adj negative
weaksubj fierce adj negative
weaksubj fiery adj positive
weaksubj fight adj negative
weaksubj fight noun negative
weaksubj figurehead adj negative
weaksubj figurehead noun negative
strongsubj filth noun negative
strongsubj filthy adj negative
weaksubj finagle verb negative
strongsubj finally anypos neutral
weaksubj fine adj positive
weaksubj fine verb negative
strongsubj finely adj positive
weaksubj firm adj neutral
weaksubj firm noun neutral
weaksubj firmly adverb neutral
weaksubj first-class adj positive
strongsubj first-rate adj positive
weaksubj fissures adj negative
weaksubj fissures noun negative
weaksubj fist noun negative
strongsubj fit adj positive
strongsubj fitting adj positive
strongsubj fixer adj neutral
strongsubj fixer noun neutral
strongsubj flabbergast verb negative
strongsubj flabbergasted anypos negative
weaksubj flagging adj negative
strongsubj flagrant anypos negative
strongsubj flagrantly anypos negative
weaksubj flair noun positive
strongsubj flak adj negative
strongsubj flak noun negative
weaksubj flake noun negative
weaksubj flakey adj negative
weaksubj flaky adj negative
weaksubj flame adj positive
weaksubj flame noun positive
weaksubj flash adj negative
weaksubj flash noun negative
weaksubj flashy anypos negative
strongsubj flat-out anypos negative
strongsubj flatter verb positive
strongsubj flattering adj positive
strongsubj flatteringly adverb positive
strongsubj flaunt verb negative
weaksubj flaw adj negative
weaksubj flaw noun negative
weaksubj flaws noun negative
weaksubj flawed adj negative
weaksubj flawed noun negative
strongsubj flawless adj positive
strongsubj flawlessly adverb positive
strongsubj fleer verb negative
weaksubj fleeting adj negative
strongsubj flexible adj positive
strongsubj flighty adj negative
strongsubj flimflam noun negative
weaksubj flimsy adj negative
strongsubj flirt verb negative
strongsubj flirty anypos negative
weaksubj floor verb neutral
strongsubj floored anypos negative
strongsubj flounder verb negative
strongsubj floundering anypos negative
strongsubj flourish adj positive
strongsubj flourishing adj positive
strongsubj flout verb negative
weaksubj fluent adj positive
weaksubj fluster verb negative
strongsubj foe noun negative
strongsubj fond adj positive
strongsubj fondly adverb positive
strongsubj fondness noun positive
strongsubj fool anypos negative
strongsubj foolhardy adj negative
strongsubj foolish anypos negative
strongsubj foolishly anypos negative
strongsubj foolishness noun negative
weaksubj foolproof adj positive
strongsubj forbid adj negative
strongsubj forbidden adj negative
weaksubj forbidding adj negative
weaksubj forbidding noun negative
weaksubj force verb negative
weaksubj forceful adj negative
strongsubj foreboding adj negative
strongsubj forebodingly adverb negative
strongsubj foremost adj positive
strongsubj forsee noun neutral
strongsubj foresight noun positive
strongsubj foretell verb neutral
weaksubj forfeit verb negative
strongsubj forgave verb positive
weaksubj forged adj negative
strongsubj forget verb negative
strongsubj forgetful anypos negative
strongsubj forgetfully anypos negative
strongsubj forgetfulness noun negative
strongsubj forgive verb positive
strongsubj forgiven adj positive
strongsubj forgiveness noun positive
strongsubj forgiving anypos positive
strongsubj forgivingly anypos positive
strongsubj forlorn adj negative
strongsubj forlornly adverb negative
strongsubj formidable adj negative
strongsubj forsake verb negative
strongsubj forsaken anypos negative
strongsubj forswear verb negative
weaksubj forthright adj neutral
strongsubj fortitude noun positive
strongsubj fortress adj neutral
strongsubj fortress noun neutral
strongsubj fortuitous adj positive
strongsubj fortuitously adj positive
weaksubj fortunate adj positive
strongsubj fortunate anypos positive
strongsubj fortunately anypos positive
strongsubj fortune adj positive
strongsubj fortune noun positive
strongsubj foul adj negative
strongsubj foul adverb negative
weaksubj foul verb negative
strongsubj foully adverb negative
strongsubj foulness noun negative
strongsubj fractious adj negative
strongsubj fractiously anypos negative
weaksubj fracture noun negative
weaksubj fracture verb negative
weaksubj fragile adj negative
weaksubj fragile noun negative
weaksubj fragmented adj negative
strongsubj fragrant adj positive
weaksubj frail adj negative
strongsubj frank adj positive
strongsubj frankly anypos neutral
strongsubj frantic adj negative
strongsubj frantically anypos negative
strongsubj franticly anypos negative
strongsubj fraternize verb negative
weaksubj fraud adj negative
weaksubj fraud noun negative
weaksubj fraudulent adj negative
strongsubj fraught adj negative
strongsubj fraught noun negative
strongsubj freak noun negative
strongsubj freak verb negative
strongsubj freakish adj negative
strongsubj freakish anypos negative
strongsubj freakish anypos negative
strongsubj freakishly anypos negative
strongsubj frazzle noun negative
strongsubj frazzle verb negative
strongsubj frazzled adj negative
weaksubj free adj positive
weaksubj freedom adj positive
weaksubj freedom noun positive
weaksubj freedoms adj positive
weaksubj freedoms noun positive
strongsubj frenetic adj negative
strongsubj frenetically anypos negative
strongsubj frenzied adj negative
strongsubj frenzy noun negative
weaksubj frequent adj neutral
weaksubj fresh adj positive
strongsubj fret verb negative
strongsubj fretful adj negative
strongsubj friction adj negative
strongsubj friction noun negative
strongsubj frictions adj negative
strongsubj frictions noun negative
weaksubj friend adj positive
weaksubj friend noun positive
strongsubj friendliness adj positive
strongsubj friendliness noun positive
strongsubj friendly adj positive
weaksubj friends adj positive
weaksubj friends noun positive
weaksubj friendship adj positive
weaksubj friendship noun positive
strongsubj friggin anypos negative
strongsubj fright anypos negative
strongsubj fright noun negative
strongsubj frighten verb negative
strongsubj frightening adj negative
strongsubj frighteningly adj negative
strongsubj frighteningly anypos negative
strongsubj frightful adj negative
strongsubj frightfully anypos negative
weaksubj frigid adj negative
strongsubj frivolous adj negative
strongsubj frolic verb positive
strongsubj frown adj negative
strongsubj frown noun negative
weaksubj frozen adj negative
weaksubj fruitful adj positive
strongsubj fruitless adj negative
strongsubj fruitlessly anypos negative
weaksubj fumble verb negative
strongsubj fun verb negative
strongsubj frustrate verb negative
strongsubj frustrated adj negative
strongsubj frustrating adj negative
strongsubj frustrating anypos negative
strongsubj frustratingly anypos negative
strongsubj frustration noun negative
strongsubj fudge adj negative
strongsubj fudge noun negative
strongsubj fudge verb negative
weaksubj fugitive adj negative
weaksubj fulfillment adj positive
weaksubj fulfillment noun positive
weaksubj full adj neutral
weaksubj fully adverb neutral
weaksubj full-blown adj negative
weaksubj full-fledged adj positive
weaksubj full-scale adj neutral
strongsubj fulminate verb negative
strongsubj fume verb negative
strongsubj fun adj positive
weaksubj functional adj positive
strongsubj fundamental adj neutral
strongsubj fundamentally adverb neutral
weaksubj fundamentalism adj negative
weaksubj fundamentalism noun negative
weaksubj funded adj neutral
strongsubj funny adj positive
strongsubj funny anypos positive
strongsubj furious adj negative
strongsubj furiously anypos negative
strongsubj furor noun negative
weaksubj further anypos neutral
strongsubj furthermore anypos neutral
strongsubj fury noun negative
strongsubj fuss adj negative
strongsubj fuss noun negative
strongsubj fuss verb negative
strongsubj fustigate verb negative
strongsubj fussy anypos negative
strongsubj fusty adj negative
strongsubj futile adj negative
strongsubj futilely anypos negative
strongsubj futility noun negative
weaksubj fuzzy adj negative
strongsubj gabble verb negative
strongsubj gaff noun negative
strongsubj gaffe noun negative
strongsubj gaiety noun positive
strongsubj gaily adverb positive
weaksubj gain noun positive
weaksubj gain verb positive
strongsubj gainful adj positive
strongsubj gainfully adverb positive
strongsubj gainsay verb negative
strongsubj gainsayer noun negative
strongsubj gaga anypos negative
strongsubj gaggle verb negative
strongsubj gall verb negative
strongsubj gallant adj positive
strongsubj gallantly adverb positive
strongsubj galling adj negative
strongsubj gallingly adverb negative
strongsubj galore anypos positive
weaksubj galvanize verb neutral
weaksubj gamble noun negative
weaksubj gamble verb negative
weaksubj game adj negative
strongsubj gape verb negative
weaksubj garbage adj negative
weaksubj garbage noun negative
strongsubj garish adj negative
strongsubj gasp adj negative
strongsubj gasp noun negative
strongsubj gauche adj negative
strongsubj gaudy adj negative
strongsubj gawk verb negative
strongsubj gawky adj negative
strongsubj geezer anypos negative
weaksubj gem adj positive
weaksubj gem noun positive
weaksubj gems adj positive
weaksubj gems noun positive
strongsubj generosity noun positive
strongsubj generous adj positive
strongsubj generously adj positive
weaksubj genial adj positive
strongsubj genius noun positive
strongsubj genocide adj negative
strongsubj genocide noun negative
weaksubj gentle adj positive
weaksubj genuine adj positive
weaksubj germane adj positive
weaksubj gestures adj neutral
weaksubj gestures noun neutral
strongsubj get-rich adj negative
strongsubj get-rich noun negative
strongsubj ghastly adj negative
weaksubj ghetto noun negative
weaksubj giant adj neutral
weaksubj giant noun neutral
weaksubj giants adj neutral
weaksubj giants noun neutral
strongsubj gibber verb negative
strongsubj gibberish anypos negative
strongsubj gibe verb negative
strongsubj giddy adj positive
strongsubj gifted adj positive
weaksubj gigantic adj neutral
strongsubj glad adj positive
strongsubj gladden verb positive
strongsubj gladly adverb positive
strongsubj gladness noun positive
strongsubj glamorous adj positive
strongsubj glare noun negative
strongsubj glare verb negative
strongsubj glaring adj negative
strongsubj glaringly adverb negative
strongsubj glean verb neutral
strongsubj glee noun positive
strongsubj gleeful anypos positive
strongsubj gleefully anypos positive
strongsubj glib adj negative
strongsubj glibly adverb negative
strongsubj glimmer adj positive
strongsubj glimmer noun positive
strongsubj glimmer verb positive
strongsubj glimmering anypos positive
strongsubj glisten adj positive
strongsubj glisten verb positive
strongsubj glistening anypos positive
weaksubj glitch noun negative
strongsubj glitter adj positive
strongsubj glitter verb positive
strongsubj gloat verb both
strongsubj gloatingly adverb negative
strongsubj gloom noun negative
strongsubj gloomy adj negative
strongsubj glorify verb positive
strongsubj glorious adj positive
strongsubj gloriously anypos positive
strongsubj glory noun positive
strongsubj glory verb positive
strongsubj gloss verb negative
strongsubj glossy adj positive
strongsubj glow verb positive
strongsubj glower verb negative
strongsubj glowing anypos positive
strongsubj glowingly anypos positive
strongsubj glum adj negative
weaksubj glut noun negative
weaksubj gnawing anypos negative
weaksubj go-ahead adj positive
weaksubj go-ahead noun positive
strongsubj goad verb negative
strongsubj goading adj negative
strongsubj god-awful anypos negative
strongsubj god-given anypos positive
strongsubj goddam anypos negative
strongsubj goddamn anypos negative
strongsubj godlike anypos positive
weaksubj gold noun positive
weaksubj golden adj positive
weaksubj good anypos positive
weaksubj goodly adverb positive
strongsubj goodness noun positive
strongsubj goodwill adj positive
strongsubj goodwill noun positive
strongsubj goof noun negative
strongsubj goof verb negative
strongsubj gorgeous adj positive
strongsubj gorgeously anypos positive
strongsubj gossip adj negative
strongsubj gossip noun negative
strongsubj gossip verb negative
strongsubj grace noun positive
strongsubj graceful adj positive
strongsubj gracefully adverb positive
strongsubj graceless adj negative
strongsubj gracelessly adverb negative
strongsubj gracious adj positive
strongsubj graciously adverb positive
strongsubj graciousness noun positive
weaksubj graft noun negative
weaksubj grail adj positive
weaksubj grail noun positive
weaksubj grand adj positive
strongsubj grandeur noun positive
strongsubj grandiose adj negative
weaksubj grapple verb negative
strongsubj grate verb negative
strongsubj grateful adj positive
strongsubj grateful anypos positive
strongsubj gratefully anypos positive
strongsubj gratification noun positive
strongsubj gratify verb positive
strongsubj gratifying anypos positive
strongsubj gratifyingly anypos positive
strongsubj grating adj negative
strongsubj gratitude adj positive
strongsubj gratitude noun positive
strongsubj gratuitous adj negative
strongsubj gratuitous noun negative
strongsubj gratuitously anypos negative
strongsubj grave adj negative
strongsubj gravely adverb negative
strongsubj great adj positive
strongsubj greatest adj positive
strongsubj greatly adverb neutral
strongsubj greatness noun positive
strongsubj greed noun negative
strongsubj greedy adj negative
strongsubj greet verb positive
strongsubj grief noun negative
strongsubj grievance noun negative
strongsubj grievances adj negative
strongsubj grievances noun negative
strongsubj grieve verb negative
strongsubj grieving adj negative
strongsubj grievous anypos negative
strongsubj grievously anypos negative
weaksubj grill verb negative
strongsubj grim adj negative
strongsubj grimace verb negative
strongsubj grin anypos positive
strongsubj grind adj negative
strongsubj grind noun negative
strongsubj gripe noun negative
strongsubj gripe verb negative
strongsubj grisly adj negative
strongsubj grit adj positive
strongsubj grit noun positive
weaksubj gritty adj negative
weaksubj groove verb positive
weaksubj gross adj negative
strongsubj grossly anypos negative
strongsubj grotesque adj negative
strongsubj grouch noun negative
strongsubj grouchy adj negative
strongsubj groundbreaking adj positive
strongsubj groundbreaking noun positive
strongsubj groundless adj negative
strongsubj grouse verb negative
weaksubj growing adj neutral
strongsubj growl verb negative
strongsubj grudge anypos negative
strongsubj grudges adj negative
strongsubj grudges noun negative
strongsubj grudging anypos negative
strongsubj grudgingly anypos negative
strongsubj gruesome anypos negative
strongsubj gruesomely anypos negative
strongsubj gruff adj negative
strongsubj grumble verb negative
weaksubj guarantee noun positive
weaksubj guarantee verb positive
weaksubj guardian noun positive
weaksubj guidance adj positive
weaksubj guidance noun positive
strongsubj guile noun negative
strongsubj guilt noun negative
strongsubj guiltless adj positive
weaksubj guilty adj negative
strongsubj guiltily adverb negative
strongsubj gullible adj negative
weaksubj gush verb positive
strongsubj gumption noun positive
strongsubj gusto noun positive
strongsubj gutsy adj positive
strongsubj haggard adj negative
strongsubj haggle verb negative
strongsubj hail verb positive
strongsubj halcyon adj positive
strongsubj hale adj positive
strongsubj halfhearted adj negative
strongsubj halfheartedly adj negative
weaksubj halfway adj neutral
weaksubj halfway noun neutral
strongsubj hallowed adj positive
strongsubj hallucinate verb negative
strongsubj hallucination noun negative
weaksubj halt adj neutral
strongsubj hamper verb negative
strongsubj hamstring verb negative
strongsubj hamstrung verb negative
weaksubj handicapped adj negative
strongsubj handily adverb positive
strongsubj handsome adj positive
strongsubj handy adj positive
strongsubj hanker verb positive
strongsubj hapless adj negative
weaksubj haphazard adj negative
strongsubj happily adverb positive
strongsubj happiness noun positive
strongsubj happy adj positive
strongsubj harangue verb negative
weaksubj harass verb negative
strongsubj harassment adj negative
strongsubj harassment noun negative
weaksubj harboring adj negative
weaksubj harboring noun negative
weaksubj harbors adj negative
weaksubj harbors noun negative
weaksubj hard adj negative
weaksubj hard-hit adj negative
strongsubj hard-line adj negative
strongsubj hard-liner noun negative
weaksubj hard-working adj positive
strongsubj hardball adj negative
strongsubj hardball noun negative
weaksubj harden verb negative
weaksubj hardened adj negative
strongsubj hardheaded adj negative
strongsubj hardhearted adj negative
strongsubj hardier adj positive
strongsubj hardier noun positive
weaksubj hardliner noun negative
weaksubj hardliners adj negative
weaksubj hardliners noun negative
strongsubj hardly anypos negative
strongsubj hardship noun negative
strongsubj hardships adj negative
strongsubj hardships noun negative
weaksubj hardy adj positive
strongsubj harm adj negative
strongsubj harm noun negative
strongsubj harmful adj negative
strongsubj harmless adj positive
strongsubj harmonious adj positive
strongsubj harmoniously anypos positive
strongsubj harmonize verb positive
strongsubj harmony adj positive
strongsubj harmony noun positive
strongsubj harms adj negative
strongsubj harms noun negative
strongsubj harpy noun negative
strongsubj harridan noun negative
strongsubj harried adj negative
strongsubj harrow verb negative
strongsubj harsh adj negative
strongsubj harshly anypos negative
strongsubj hassle noun negative
strongsubj haste adj negative
strongsubj haste noun negative
strongsubj hasty adj negative
weaksubj hasty adj negative
strongsubj hate verb negative
strongsubj hater noun negative
strongsubj hateful adj negative
strongsubj hatefully anypos negative
strongsubj hatefulness noun negative
strongsubj haughtily adverb negative
strongsubj haughty adj negative
strongsubj hatred noun negative
weaksubj haunt verb negative
strongsubj haunting adj negative
strongsubj haven noun positive
strongsubj havoc noun negative
strongsubj hawkish adj negative
strongsubj hawkish noun negative
weaksubj hazard noun negative
weaksubj hazard verb negative
weaksubj hazardous adj negative
weaksubj hazy adj negative
weaksubj headache noun negative
weaksubj headaches adj negative
weaksubj headaches noun negative
weaksubj headway noun positive
strongsubj heady adj positive
weaksubj heal verb positive
strongsubj healthful adj positive
weaksubj healthy adj positive
weaksubj healthy noun positive
weaksubj heart adj positive
strongsubj heartbreak noun negative
strongsubj heartbreaker noun negative
strongsubj heartbreaking adj negative
strongsubj heartbreakingly adverb negative
strongsubj hearten verb positive
strongsubj heartening adj positive
strongsubj heartfelt adj positive
strongsubj heartily adj positive
strongsubj heartless adj negative
strongsubj heartrending adj negative
strongsubj heartwarming adj positive
strongsubj heathen adj negative
strongsubj heathen noun negative
weaksubj heaven noun positive
strongsubj heavenly anypos positive
strongsubj heavily adverb negative
weaksubj heavy-duty adj neutral
strongsubj heavy-handed adj negative
strongsubj heavyhearted adj negative
strongsubj heck adj negative
strongsubj heck noun negative
strongsubj heckle verb negative
weaksubj hectic adj negative
strongsubj hedge verb negative
strongsubj hedonistic adj negative
strongsubj heedless adj negative
weaksubj hefty adj neutral
weaksubj hegemonism adj negative
weaksubj hegemonism noun negative
strongsubj hegemonistic adj negative
strongsubj hegemony noun negative
weaksubj hegemony adj negative
weaksubj hegemony noun negative
strongsubj heinous adj negative
strongsubj hell noun negative
strongsubj hell-bent adj negative
strongsubj hellion anypos negative
weaksubj help adj positive
weaksubj help noun positive
weaksubj help verb positive
weaksubj helpful adj positive
weaksubj helpless adj negative
weaksubj helplessly adverb negative
weaksubj helplessness noun negative
strongsubj herald anypos positive
strongsubj heresy noun negative
strongsubj heretic noun negative
strongsubj heretical adj negative
strongsubj hero noun positive
strongsubj heroic adj positive
strongsubj heroic anypos positive
strongsubj heroically anypos positive
strongsubj heroine noun positive
strongsubj heroize verb positive
strongsubj heros noun positive
strongsubj hesitant adj negative
strongsubj hideous adj negative
strongsubj hideously adverb negative
strongsubj hideousness noun negative
weaksubj high adj neutral
weaksubj high-powered adj neutral
weaksubj high-quality adj positive
strongsubj highlight noun positive
strongsubj highlight verb positive
strongsubj hilarious adj positive
strongsubj hilariously anypos positive
strongsubj hilariousness noun positive
strongsubj hilarity noun positive
strongsubj hinder verb negative
strongsubj hindrance noun negative
weaksubj historic adj positive
strongsubj hm anypos neutral
strongsubj hmm anypos neutral
strongsubj hoard verb negative
strongsubj hoax verb negative
weaksubj hobble verb negative
weaksubj hole noun negative
strongsubj hollow adj negative
weaksubj holy adj positive
strongsubj homage noun positive
strongsubj honest adj positive
weaksubj honest noun positive
strongsubj honestly anypos positive
strongsubj honesty adj positive
strongsubj honesty noun positive
weaksubj honeymoon noun positive
weaksubj honor adj positive
weaksubj honor noun positive
strongsubj honor verb positive
strongsubj honorable anypos positive
strongsubj hoodwink verb negative
strongsubj hope adj positive
strongsubj hope noun positive
strongsubj hope verb positive
strongsubj hopeful anypos positive
strongsubj hopefully anypos positive
strongsubj hopefulness noun positive
strongsubj hopeless adj negative
strongsubj hopelessly anypos negative
strongsubj hopelessness noun negative
strongsubj hopes adj positive
strongsubj hopes noun positive
weaksubj horde noun negative
strongsubj horrendous adj negative
strongsubj horrendously anypos negative
strongsubj horrible adj negative
strongsubj horrible anypos negative
strongsubj horribly anypos negative
strongsubj horrid adj negative
strongsubj horrific adj negative
strongsubj horrifically anypos negative
strongsubj horrify adj negative
strongsubj horrify verb negative
strongsubj horrifying anypos negative
strongsubj horrifyingly anypos negative
strongsubj horror noun negative
strongsubj horrors noun negative
strongsubj hospitable adj positive
weaksubj hostage noun negative
weaksubj hostile adj negative
weaksubj hostile noun negative
weaksubj hostilities adj negative
weaksubj hostilities noun negative
strongsubj hostility adj negative
strongsubj hostility noun negative
weaksubj hot adj positive
strongsubj hothead noun negative
strongsubj hotheaded adj negative
strongsubj hotbeds adj negative
strongsubj hotbeds noun negative
weaksubj hothouse adj negative
weaksubj hothouse noun negative
weaksubj however anypos neutral
strongsubj hubris noun negative
strongsubj huckster noun negative
strongsubj hug adj positive
strongsubj hug noun positive
weaksubj huge adj neutral
strongsubj humane adj positive
strongsubj humane noun positive
weaksubj humanists adj positive
weaksubj humanists noun positive
weaksubj humanity noun positive
strongsubj humankind noun positive
strongsubj humble verb positive
strongsubj humbling anypos negative
strongsubj humiliate verb negative
strongsubj humiliating adj negative
strongsubj humiliation noun negative
strongsubj humility noun positive
strongsubj humor verb positive
strongsubj humorous anypos positive
strongsubj humorously anypos positive
strongsubj humour adj positive
strongsubj humour noun positive
strongsubj humourous anypos positive
strongsubj hunger verb negative
weaksubj hungry adj negative
weaksubj hurt adj negative
weaksubj hurt verb negative
weaksubj hurtful adj negative
weaksubj hustler noun negative
weaksubj hypnotize verb neutral
strongsubj hypocrisy noun negative
strongsubj hypocrite noun negative
strongsubj hypocrites noun negative
strongsubj hypocritical adj negative
strongsubj hypocritically noun negative
strongsubj hysteria noun negative
strongsubj hysteric adj negative
strongsubj hysterical anypos negative
strongsubj hysterically anypos negative
strongsubj hysterics noun negative
weaksubj icy adj negative
weaksubj idea adj neutral
weaksubj idea noun neutral
strongsubj ideal adj positive
strongsubj ideal noun positive
weaksubj idealism noun positive
weaksubj idealist noun positive
strongsubj idealize verb positive
strongsubj ideally anypos positive
strongsubj idiocies anypos negative
strongsubj idiocy anypos negative
strongsubj idiot anypos negative
strongsubj idiotic anypos negative
strongsubj idiotically anypos negative
strongsubj idiots anypos negative
weaksubj idle adj negative
strongsubj idol adj positive
strongsubj idol noun positive
strongsubj idolize verb positive
strongsubj idolized adj positive
strongsubj idyllic anypos positive
weaksubj ignite verb neutral
strongsubj ignoble adj negative
strongsubj ignominious adj negative
strongsubj ignominiously adverb negative
strongsubj ignominy noun negative
weaksubj ignore verb negative
strongsubj ignorance adj negative
strongsubj ignorance noun negative
strongsubj ignorant adj negative
strongsubj ignorant noun negative
weaksubj ill adj negative
weaksubj ill noun negative
strongsubj ill-advised adj negative
strongsubj ill-conceived adj negative
strongsubj ill-fated adj negative
strongsubj ill-favored adj negative
strongsubj ill-mannered adj negative
strongsubj ill-natured adj negative
strongsubj ill-sorted adj negative
strongsubj ill-tempered adj negative
strongsubj ill-treated adj negative
strongsubj ill-treatment adj negative
strongsubj ill-treatment noun negative
strongsubj ill-usage noun negative
strongsubj ill-used adj negative
weaksubj illegal adj negative
weaksubj illegally adverb negative
weaksubj illegitimate adj negative
weaksubj illicit adj negative
weaksubj illiquid adj negative
weaksubj illiterate adj negative
weaksubj illness noun negative
strongsubj illogic noun negative
strongsubj illogical adj negative
strongsubj illogically adverb negative
strongsubj illuminate verb positive
strongsubj illuminati adj positive
strongsubj illuminati noun positive
strongsubj illuminating anypos positive
strongsubj illumine verb positive
strongsubj illusion adj negative
strongsubj illusion noun negative
strongsubj illusions adj negative
strongsubj illusions noun negative
strongsubj illusory adj negative
strongsubj illustrious adj positive
strongsubj imaginary adj negative
strongsubj imagination adj neutral
strongsubj imagination noun neutral
strongsubj imaginative adj positive
strongsubj imagine verb neutral
strongsubj imbalance adj negative
strongsubj imbalance noun negative
strongsubj imbecile anypos negative
strongsubj imbroglio noun negative
strongsubj immaculate adj positive
strongsubj immaculately adverb positive
strongsubj immaterial adj negative
weaksubj immature adj negative
weaksubj immediate adj neutral
strongsubj immediately anypos neutral
weaksubj immense adj neutral
strongsubj immensely anypos neutral
strongsubj immensity noun neutral
strongsubj immensurable noun neutral
strongsubj imminence noun negative
strongsubj imminent adj negative
strongsubj imminently adverb negative
weaksubj immobilized anypos negative
strongsubj immoderate adj negative
strongsubj immoderately adverb negative
strongsubj immodest adj negative
strongsubj immoral adj negative
strongsubj immorality noun negative
strongsubj immorally anypos negative
strongsubj immovable adj negative
weaksubj immune adj neutral
strongsubj impair verb negative
strongsubj impaired adj negative
weaksubj impartial adj positive
weaksubj impartiality noun positive
weaksubj impartially adverb positive
strongsubj impasse noun negative
strongsubj impassioned adj positive
weaksubj impassive adj polarity=negative weakneg
strongsubj impatience noun negative
strongsubj impatient adj negative
strongsubj impatiently adverb negative
strongsubj impeach verb negative
strongsubj impeccable adj positive
strongsubj impeccably anypos positive
strongsubj impede verb negative
strongsubj impedance noun negative
strongsubj impediment noun negative
strongsubj impel verb positive
strongsubj impending adj negative
strongsubj impending noun negative
strongsubj impenitent adj negative
strongsubj imperative adj neutral
strongsubj imperatively adverb neutral
weaksubj imperfect adj negative
weaksubj imperfectly adverb negative
weaksubj imperial adj positive
strongsubj imperialist noun negative
strongsubj imperil verb negative
strongsubj imperious adj negative
strongsubj imperiously adverb negative
weaksubj impermissible adj negative
weaksubj impersonal adj negative
strongsubj impertinent adj negative
strongsubj imperturbable adj positive
strongsubj impervious adj positive
strongsubj impetuous adj negative
strongsubj impetuously anypos negative
weaksubj impetus noun positive
strongsubj impiety noun negative
strongsubj impinge verb negative
strongsubj impious adj negative
strongsubj implacable adj negative
strongsubj implausible adj negative
strongsubj implausibly anypos negative
weaksubj implicate verb negative
weaksubj implication adj negative
weaksubj implication noun negative
weaksubj implicit adj neutral
strongsubj implode verb negative
strongsubj implore verb both
strongsubj imploring adj both
strongsubj imploringly anypos both
strongsubj imply verb neutral
strongsubj impolite adj negative
strongsubj impolitely adverb negative
strongsubj impolitic adj negative
weaksubj importance noun positive
weaksubj important adj positive
weaksubj importantly adverb positive
strongsubj importunate adj negative
strongsubj importune verb negative
strongsubj impose verb negative
strongsubj imposers adj negative
strongsubj imposers noun negative
weaksubj imposing adj negative
weaksubj imposing noun negative
strongsubj imposition adj negative
strongsubj imposition noun negative
weaksubj impossible adj negative
weaksubj impossiblity noun negative
weaksubj impossibly adverb negative
strongsubj impotent adj negative
strongsubj impotent noun negative
weaksubj impoverish verb negative
weaksubj impoverished adj negative
strongsubj impractical adj negative
strongsubj impractical noun negative
strongsubj imprecate verb negative
weaksubj imprecise adj negative
weaksubj imprecisely adverb negative
weaksubj imprecision adj negative
strongsubj impregnable adj positive
weaksubj impress verb positive
weaksubj impression adj positive
weaksubj impression noun positive
weaksubj impressions adj positive
weaksubj impressions noun positive
strongsubj impressive adj positive
strongsubj impressively anypos positive
strongsubj impressiveness noun positive
weaksubj imprison verb negative
weaksubj imprisonment noun negative
strongsubj improbability noun negative
strongsubj improbable adj negative
strongsubj improbably adverb negative
strongsubj improper adj negative
strongsubj improperly adverb negative
strongsubj impropriety noun negative
weaksubj improving adj positive
weaksubj improve verb positive
weaksubj improved adj positive
weaksubj improvement noun positive
strongsubj improvise verb positive
strongsubj imprudence noun negative
strongsubj imprudent adj negative
strongsubj impudence noun negative
strongsubj impudent adj negative
strongsubj impudently anypos negative
strongsubj impugn verb negative
strongsubj impulsive adj negative
strongsubj impulsively adverb negative
weaksubj impunity adj negative
weaksubj impunity noun negative
strongsubj impure adj negative
strongsubj impurity noun negative
weaksubj inability adj negative
weaksubj inability noun negative
weaksubj inaccessible adj negative
weaksubj inaccuracy noun negative
weaksubj inaccuracies noun negative
strongsubj inaccurate adj negative
strongsubj inaccurately adverb negative
weaksubj inaction noun negative
weaksubj inactive adj negative
weaksubj inadequacy noun negative
weaksubj inadequate adj negative
weaksubj inadequately adverb negative
weaksubj inadverent adj negative
weaksubj inadverently adverb negative
weaksubj inadvisable adj negative
weaksubj inadvisably adverb negative
weaksubj inalienable adj positive
strongsubj inane adj negative
strongsubj inanely adverb negative
strongsubj inappropriate adj negative
strongsubj inappropriately adverb negative
strongsubj inapt adj negative
strongsubj inaptitude noun negative
strongsubj inarguable adj neutral
strongsubj inarguably adverb neutral
strongsubj inarticulate adj negative
strongsubj inattentive adj negative
strongsubj incapable adj negative
strongsubj incapably adverb negative
strongsubj incautious adj negative
strongsubj incendiary anypos negative
weaksubj incense verb negative
strongsubj incessant adj negative
strongsubj incessantly adverb negative
strongsubj incisive adj positive
strongsubj incisively anypos positive
strongsubj incisiveness noun positive
weaksubj incite verb negative
weaksubj incitement adj negative
weaksubj incitement noun negative
strongsubj incivility noun negative
weaksubj inclement adj negative
strongsubj inclination adj positive
strongsubj inclination noun positive
strongsubj inclinations anypos positive
strongsubj inclined adj positive
weaksubj inclusive adj positive
strongsubj incognizant adj negative
strongsubj incoherence noun negative
strongsubj incoherent adj negative
strongsubj incoherently adj negative
strongsubj incommensurate adj negative
weaksubj incomparable adj negative
weaksubj incomparably adverb negative
weaksubj incompatibility noun negative
weaksubj incompatible adj negative
weaksubj incompatible noun negative
strongsubj incompetence noun negative
strongsubj incompetent adj negative
strongsubj incompetently adverb negative
weaksubj incomplete adj negative
weaksubj incompliant adj negative
strongsubj incomprehensible adj negative
strongsubj incomprehension noun negative
strongsubj inconceivable adj negative
strongsubj inconceivably adverb negative
weaksubj inconclusive adj negative
strongsubj incongruous adj negative
strongsubj incongruously adverb negative
strongsubj inconsequent adj negative
strongsubj inconsequently adverb negative
strongsubj inconsequential adj negative
strongsubj inconsequentially adverb negative
strongsubj inconsiderate adj negative
strongsubj inconsiderately adverb negative
strongsubj inconsistence noun negative
strongsubj inconsistencies adj negative
strongsubj inconsistencies noun negative
weaksubj inconsistency noun negative
weaksubj inconsistent adj negative
strongsubj inconsolable adj negative
strongsubj inconsolably anypos negative
strongsubj inconstant adj negative
strongsubj incontestable adj positive
strongsubj incontrovertible adj positive
strongsubj inconvenience adj negative
strongsubj inconvenience noun negative
strongsubj inconvenient anypos negative
strongsubj inconveniently anypos negative
weaksubj incorrect anypos negative
strongsubj incorrectly anypos negative
strongsubj incorrigible adj negative
strongsubj incorrigibly adverb negative
strongsubj incorruptible adj positive
weaksubj increasing adj neutral
weaksubj increasingly adverb neutral
strongsubj incredible anypos positive
strongsubj incredibly anypos positive
strongsubj incredulous adj negative
strongsubj incredulously anypos negative
strongsubj inculcate verb negative
weaksubj indebted adj positive
strongsubj indecency noun negative
strongsubj indecent adj negative
strongsubj indecently anypos negative
strongsubj indecision noun negative
strongsubj indecisive adj negative
strongsubj indecisively adverb negative
strongsubj indecorum noun negative
strongsubj indeed anypos neutral
strongsubj indefatigable adj positive
strongsubj indefensible adj negative
strongsubj indefensible noun negative
weaksubj indefinite adj negative
weaksubj indefinitely adverb negative
strongsubj indelible adj positive
strongsubj indelibly adj positive
strongsubj indelicate adj negative
weaksubj independence adj positive
weaksubj independence noun positive
weaksubj independent adj positive
strongsubj indescribable adj positive
strongsubj indescribably adverb positive
strongsubj indestructible adj positive
weaksubj indeterminable adj negative
weaksubj indeterminably adverb negative
weaksubj indeterminate adj negative
weaksubj indication adj neutral
weaksubj indication noun neutral
strongsubj indicative adj neutral
strongsubj indicative noun neutral
strongsubj indifference noun negative
strongsubj indifferent adj negative
weaksubj indigent adj negative
strongsubj indignant adj negative
strongsubj indignantly anypos negative
strongsubj indignation noun negative
strongsubj indignity adj negative
strongsubj indignity noun negative
weaksubj indirect adj neutral
weaksubj indiscernible adj negative
strongsubj indiscreet adj negative
strongsubj indiscreet noun negative
strongsubj indiscreetly adverb negative
strongsubj indiscretion anypos negative
strongsubj indiscriminate adj negative
strongsubj indiscriminating adj negative
strongsubj indiscriminately adverb negative
strongsubj indispensable adj positive
strongsubj indispensability noun positive
strongsubj indisposed adj negative
strongsubj indisputable adj positive
weaksubj indistinct adj negative
weaksubj indistinctive adj negative
weaksubj individuality noun positive
strongsubj indoctrinate anypos negative
strongsubj indoctrination adj negative
strongsubj indoctrination noun negative
strongsubj indolent adj negative
strongsubj indomitable adj positive
strongsubj indomitably adj positive
strongsubj indubitable anypos positive
strongsubj indubitably anypos positive
strongsubj indulge verb negative
strongsubj indulgence noun positive
strongsubj indulgent adj positive
weaksubj industrious adj positive
weaksubj ineffective adj negative
weaksubj ineffectively adverb negative
weaksubj ineffectiveness noun negative
weaksubj ineffectual adj negative
weaksubj ineffectually adverb negative
weaksubj ineffectualness noun negative
strongsubj inefficacious adj negative
strongsubj inefficacious noun negative
strongsubj inefficacy noun negative
weaksubj inefficiency noun negative
weaksubj inefficient adj negative
weaksubj inefficiently adverb negative
weaksubj ineligible adj negative
strongsubj inelegance noun negative
strongsubj inelegant adj negative
strongsubj ineloquent adj negative
strongsubj ineloquently adverb negative
strongsubj inept adj negative
strongsubj ineptitude anypos negative
strongsubj ineptitude noun negative
strongsubj ineptly anypos negative
weaksubj inequalities adj negative
weaksubj inequalities noun negative
strongsubj inequality adj negative
strongsubj inequality noun negative
strongsubj inequitable adj negative
strongsubj inequitably adverb negative
strongsubj inequities adj negative
strongsubj inequities noun negative
weaksubj inertia adj negative
weaksubj inertia noun negative
strongsubj inescapable adj negative
strongsubj inescapably adj negative
strongsubj inessential adj negative
strongsubj inestimable adj positive
strongsubj inestimably adverb positive
strongsubj inevitable adj negative
strongsubj inevitable noun negative
strongsubj inevitably adverb negative
weaksubj inexact adj negative
strongsubj inexcusable adj negative
strongsubj inexcusably adverb negative
strongsubj inexorable adj negative
strongsubj inexorably adverb negative
weaksubj inexpensive adj positive
weaksubj inexperience noun negative
weaksubj inexperienced adj negative
weaksubj inexpert adj negative
weaksubj inexpertly adverb negative
strongsubj inexpiable adj negative
strongsubj inexplainable adj negative
strongsubj inexplicable adj negative
strongsubj inextricable adj negative
strongsubj inextricably adverb negative
strongsubj infallible adj positive
strongsubj infallibly adverb positive
strongsubj infallibility noun positive
strongsubj infamous adj negative
strongsubj infamously adverb negative
strongsubj infamy noun negative
strongsubj infatuated anypos both
weaksubj infected anypos negative
weaksubj infectious adj neutral
strongsubj infer verb neutral
weaksubj inference adj neutral
weaksubj inference noun neutral
strongsubj inferior adj negative
strongsubj inferiority noun negative
strongsubj infernal adj negative
weaksubj infest verb negative
weaksubj infested adj negative
strongsubj infidel noun negative
strongsubj infidels noun negative
weaksubj infiltrator noun negative
weaksubj infiltrators adj negative
weaksubj infiltrators noun negative
strongsubj infirm adj negative
strongsubj inflame verb negative
strongsubj inflammatory adj negative
weaksubj inflated adj negative
weaksubj inflationary adj negative
strongsubj inflexible adj negative
strongsubj inflict verb negative
weaksubj influence adj neutral
weaksubj influence noun neutral
weaksubj influential adj positive
weaksubj informational adj neutral
weaksubj informative adj positive
weaksubj infraction noun negative
strongsubj infringe verb negative
strongsubj infringement noun negative
strongsubj infringements adj negative
strongsubj infringements noun negative
strongsubj infuriate verb negative
strongsubj infuriated adj negative
strongsubj infuriating anypos negative
strongsubj infuriatingly anypos negative
strongsubj ingenious adj positive
strongsubj ingeniously anypos positive
strongsubj ingenuity noun positive
strongsubj ingenuous adj positive
strongsubj ingenuously adverb positive
strongsubj inglorious adj negative
strongsubj ingrate noun negative
strongsubj ingratiate verb positive
strongsubj ingratiating adj positive
strongsubj ingratiatingly adverb positive
strongsubj ingratitude noun negative
strongsubj inherent adj neutral
strongsubj inherent noun neutral
weaksubj inhibit verb negative
weaksubj inhibition noun negative
strongsubj inhospitable adj negative
strongsubj inhospitality noun negative
strongsubj inhuman adj negative
strongsubj inhumane adj negative
strongsubj inhumanity noun negative
strongsubj inimical adj negative
strongsubj inimically adverb negative
strongsubj iniquitous adj negative
strongsubj iniquity noun negative
strongsubj injudicious adj negative
weaksubj injure verb negative
weaksubj injurious adj negative
weaksubj injury noun negative
strongsubj injustice adj negative
strongsubj injustice noun negative
strongsubj injustices adj negative
strongsubj injustices noun negative
strongsubj inkling anypos neutral
strongsubj inklings adj neutral
strongsubj inklings noun neutral
weaksubj innocence adj positive
weaksubj innocence noun positive
weaksubj innocent adj positive
weaksubj innocently adj positive
strongsubj innocuous adj positive
strongsubj innocuous noun positive
weaksubj innovation adj positive
weaksubj innovation noun positive
weaksubj innovative adj positive
weaksubj innumerable adj neutral
weaksubj innumerably adverb neutral
weaksubj innumerous adj neutral
strongsubj innuendo adj negative
strongsubj innuendo noun negative
strongsubj inoffensive adj positive
strongsubj inopportune adj negative
strongsubj inordinate adj negative
strongsubj inordinately anypos negative
strongsubj inquisitive adj positive
strongsubj insane adj negative
strongsubj insanely anypos negative
strongsubj insanity noun negative
strongsubj insatiable adj negative
weaksubj insecure adj negative
strongsubj insecurity adj negative
strongsubj insecurity noun negative
weaksubj insensible adj negative
strongsubj insensitive adj negative
strongsubj insensitively adverb negative
strongsubj insensitivity adj negative
strongsubj insensitivity noun negative
strongsubj insidious adj negative
strongsubj insidiously anypos negative
strongsubj insight adj positive
strongsubj insight noun positive
strongsubj insightful anypos positive
strongsubj insightfully anypos positive
strongsubj insights anypos neutral
weaksubj insignificance noun negative
weaksubj insignificant adj negative
weaksubj insignificantly adverb negative
strongsubj insincere adj negative
strongsubj insincerely adverb negative
strongsubj insincerity noun negative
strongsubj insinuate verb negative
strongsubj insinuating adj negative
strongsubj insinuation adj negative
strongsubj insinuation noun negative
strongsubj insist verb positive
weaksubj insistence adj positive
weaksubj insistence noun positive
strongsubj insistent adj positive
strongsubj insistently anypos positive
strongsubj insociable adj negative
weaksubj isolation noun negative
strongsubj insolence anypos negative
strongsubj insolence noun negative
strongsubj insolent adj negative
strongsubj insolently anypos negative
weaksubj insolvent adj negative
strongsubj insouciance noun negative
strongsubj inspiration noun positive
strongsubj inspirational adj positive
strongsubj inspire verb positive
strongsubj inspiring adj positive
strongsubj inspiring anypos positive
weaksubj instability noun negative
weaksubj instable adj negative
strongsubj instigate verb negative
strongsubj instigator noun negative
strongsubj instigators noun negative
weaksubj instructive adj positive
weaksubj instrumental adj positive
weaksubj insubordinate adj negative
strongsubj insubstantial adj negative
strongsubj insubstantially adverb negative
strongsubj insufferable adj negative
strongsubj insufferably adverb negative
weaksubj insufficiency noun negative
weaksubj insufficient adj negative
weaksubj insufficiently adverb negative
weaksubj insular adj negative
strongsubj insult noun negative
strongsubj insult verb negative
strongsubj insulted adj negative
strongsubj insulting adj negative
strongsubj insulting anypos negative
strongsubj insultingly anypos negative
strongsubj insupportable adj negative
strongsubj insupportably adverb negative
weaksubj insurmountable adj negative
weaksubj insurmountably adverb negative
weaksubj insurrection adj negative
weaksubj insurrection noun negative
weaksubj intact adj positive
weaksubj integral adj positive
strongsubj integrity noun positive
strongsubj intelligent adj positive
weaksubj intelligence noun positive
strongsubj intelligible adj positive
weaksubj intend verb neutral
weaksubj intense adj neutral
weaksubj intense noun neutral
weaksubj intensive adj neutral
weaksubj intensively adverb neutral
weaksubj intent adj neutral
weaksubj intent noun neutral
weaksubj intention adj neutral
weaksubj intention noun neutral
weaksubj intentions adj neutral
weaksubj intentions noun neutral
weaksubj intents adj neutral
weaksubj intents noun neutral
weaksubj intercede verb positive
weaksubj interest adj positive
weaksubj interest noun positive
weaksubj interest verb positive
weaksubj interested adj positive
strongsubj interesting anypos positive
weaksubj interests adj positive
weaksubj interests noun positive
weaksubj interfere verb negative
weaksubj interference adj negative
weaksubj interference noun negative
weaksubj intermittent adj negative
weaksubj interrupt verb negative
weaksubj interruption noun negative
strongsubj intimacy adj positive
strongsubj intimacy noun positive
weaksubj intimate adj positive
strongsubj intimate verb neutral
weaksubj intimidate verb negative
strongsubj intimidating anypos negative
strongsubj intimidatingly anypos negative
weaksubj intimidation adj negative
weaksubj intimidation noun negative
strongsubj intolerable adj negative
strongsubj intolerablely anypos negative
strongsubj intolerance adj negative
strongsubj intolerance noun negative
strongsubj intolerant anypos negative
weaksubj intoxicate verb negative
weaksubj intractable adj negative
strongsubj intransigence adj negative
strongsubj intransigence noun negative
strongsubj intransigent anypos negative
weaksubj intricate adj positive
strongsubj intrigue adj positive
strongsubj intrigue noun positive
weaksubj intrigue verb neutral
strongsubj intriguing adj positive
strongsubj intriguing anypos positive
strongsubj intriguingly anypos positive
strongsubj intrude verb negative
weaksubj intrusion noun negative
strongsubj intrusive adj negative
strongsubj intuitive adj positive
strongsubj inundate verb negative
strongsubj inundated anypos negative
weaksubj invader adj negative
weaksubj invader noun negative
strongsubj invalid adj negative
strongsubj invalidate verb negative
strongsubj invalidity noun negative
strongsubj invaluable adj positive
strongsubj invaluablely anypos positive
weaksubj invasive adj negative
strongsubj invective anypos negative
strongsubj inveigle verb negative
weaksubj inventive adj positive
strongsubj invidious adj negative
strongsubj invidiously anypos negative
strongsubj invidiousness noun negative
weaksubj invigorate verb positive
strongsubj invigorating anypos positive
strongsubj invincibility anypos positive
strongsubj invincible adj positive
strongsubj inviolable adj positive
strongsubj inviolate adj positive
weaksubj invisible adj neutral
strongsubj invulnerable adj positive
weaksubj involuntarily adverb negative
weaksubj involuntary adj negative
strongsubj irate adj negative
strongsubj irately anypos negative
strongsubj ire noun negative
strongsubj irk verb negative
strongsubj irksome anypos negative
strongsubj ironic adj negative
strongsubj ironies adj negative
strongsubj ironies noun negative
strongsubj irony anypos negative
strongsubj irrational adj negative
strongsubj irrationality noun negative
strongsubj irrationally anypos negative
strongsubj irreconcilable adj negative
strongsubj irredeemable adj negative
strongsubj irredeemably adverb negative
strongsubj irreformable adj negative
strongsubj irrefutable adj positive
strongsubj irrefutably anypos positive
strongsubj irregardless anypos neutral
weaksubj irregular adj negative
weaksubj irregularity noun negative
strongsubj irrelevance noun negative
strongsubj irrelevant adj negative
strongsubj irreparable adj negative
strongsubj irreplacible adj negative
strongsubj irrepressible adj negative
strongsubj irreproachable adj positive
strongsubj irresistible adj positive
strongsubj irresistibly anypos positive
strongsubj irresolute adj negative
weaksubj irresolvable adj negative
strongsubj irresponsible adj negative
strongsubj irresponsibly adverb negative
weaksubj irretrievable adj negative
strongsubj irreverence noun negative
strongsubj irreverent adj negative
strongsubj irreverently adverb negative
strongsubj irreversible adj negative
strongsubj irreversible noun negative
strongsubj irritable adj negative
strongsubj irritably adverb negative
weaksubj irritant noun negative
strongsubj irritate verb negative
strongsubj irritated adj negative
strongsubj irritating anypos negative
strongsubj irritation adj negative
strongsubj irritation noun negative
weaksubj isolate verb negative
weaksubj isolated adj negative
weaksubj isolation noun negative
strongsubj itch verb negative
strongsubj jabber verb negative
strongsubj jaded adj negative
weaksubj jam noun negative
weaksubj jar verb negative
strongsubj jaundiced adj negative
strongsubj jauntily adverb positive
strongsubj jaunty adj positive
strongsubj jealous adj negative
strongsubj jealously anypos negative
strongsubj jealousness noun negative
strongsubj jealousy noun negative
strongsubj jeer noun negative
strongsubj jeer verb negative
strongsubj jeering anypos negative
strongsubj jeeringly anypos negative
strongsubj jeers noun negative
strongsubj jeopardize verb negative
strongsubj jeopardy noun negative
strongsubj jerk anypos negative
strongsubj jest verb positive
strongsubj jittery adj negative
weaksubj jobless adj negative
strongsubj joke noun positive
strongsubj joke verb positive
strongsubj joker noun negative
weaksubj jollify verb positive
strongsubj jolly anypos positive
weaksubj jolt verb negative
strongsubj jovial adj positive
strongsubj joy noun positive
strongsubj joyful adj positive
strongsubj joyfully anypos positive
strongsubj joyless adj positive
strongsubj joyous anypos positive
strongsubj joyously anypos positive
strongsubj jubilant adj positive
strongsubj jubilantly anypos positive
strongsubj jubilate verb positive
strongsubj jubilation anypos positive
strongsubj jubilation noun positive
weaksubj judgement adj neutral
weaksubj judgement noun neutral
weaksubj judgements adj neutral
weaksubj judgements noun neutral
strongsubj judicious adj positive
weaksubj judgment adj neutral
weaksubj judgment noun neutral
weaksubj judgments adj neutral
weaksubj judgments noun neutral
weaksubj jumpy adj negative
weaksubj junk noun negative
weaksubj junky adj negative
strongsubj just adj positive
weaksubj just anypos positive
weaksubj just noun positive
weaksubj justice adj positive
weaksubj justice noun positive
strongsubj justifiable adj positive
strongsubj justifiably anypos positive
strongsubj justification noun positive
strongsubj justify verb positive
strongsubj justly anypos positive
weaksubj juvenile adj negative
strongsubj kaput adj negative
strongsubj keen adj positive
strongsubj keen noun negative
strongsubj keen verb negative
strongsubj keenly anypos positive
strongsubj keenness adj positive
strongsubj keenness noun positive
strongsubj kemp adj positive
weaksubj key adj neutral
strongsubj kick adj negative
strongsubj kick noun negative
strongsubj kid verb positive
weaksubj kill verb negative
weaksubj killer noun negative
weaksubj killer noun negative
strongsubj killjoy noun negative
strongsubj kind adj positive
strongsubj kindly anypos positive
strongsubj kindliness noun positive
strongsubj kindness noun positive
strongsubj kingmaker noun positive
weaksubj kiss noun positive
weaksubj kiss verb positive
strongsubj knave noun negative
weaksubj knife verb negative
weaksubj knock noun negative
weaksubj knock verb negative
strongsubj knew verb neutral
strongsubj know verb neutral
strongsubj knowing anypos neutral
strongsubj knowingly anypos neutral
strongsubj knowledge noun neutral
strongsubj knowledgeable anypos positive
strongsubj kook noun negative
strongsubj kooky adj negative
strongsubj lack adj negative
strongsubj lack noun negative
strongsubj lackadaisical adj negative
strongsubj lackey noun negative
strongsubj lackeys adj negative
strongsubj lackeys noun negative
strongsubj lacking adj negative
strongsubj lackluster anypos negative
strongsubj laconic adj negative
weaksubj lag verb negative
strongsubj lambast verb negative
strongsubj lambaste verb negative
weaksubj lame adj negative
strongsubj lame-duck adj negative
strongsubj lament verb negative
strongsubj lamentable anypos negative
strongsubj lamentably anypos negative
strongsubj languid adj negative
strongsubj languish verb negative
weaksubj lanky adj negative
strongsubj languor noun negative
strongsubj languorous adj negative
strongsubj languorously adverb negative
weaksubj large adj neutral
weaksubj large-scale adj neutral
weaksubj lapse noun negative
weaksubj large adj positive
weaksubj large adverb positive
weaksubj largely adverb neutral
strongsubj lark verb positive
strongsubj lascivious adj negative
strongsubj last-ditch adj negative
strongsubj last-ditch noun negative
strongsubj lastly anypos neutral
strongsubj laud verb positive
strongsubj laudable anypos positive
strongsubj laudably anypos positive
strongsubj laugh noun negative
strongsubj laugh verb negative
strongsubj laughable anypos negative
strongsubj laughably anypos negative
strongsubj laughingstock noun negative
strongsubj laughter noun negative
strongsubj lavish adj positive
strongsubj lavish verb positive
strongsubj lavishly anypos positive
strongsubj law-abiding adj positive
strongsubj lawbreaker adj negative
strongsubj lawbreaking anypos negative
weaksubj lawful adj positive
weaksubj lawfully adverb positive
strongsubj lawless adj negative
strongsubj lawlessness adj negative
strongsubj lawlessness noun negative
strongsubj lax adj negative
strongsubj lax noun negative
strongsubj lazy adj negative
weaksubj leading adj positive
weaksubj leak verb negative
weaksubj leakage noun negative
weaksubj leaky adj negative
weaksubj lean adj positive
weaksubj lean noun positive
weaksubj learn adj neutral
weaksubj learning noun positive
weaksubj learned noun positive
weaksubj least anypos negative
strongsubj lech noun negative
strongsubj lecher noun negative
strongsubj lecher noun negative
strongsubj lecherous adj negative
strongsubj lechery noun negative
weaksubj lecture noun negative
weaksubj lecture verb negative
strongsubj leech adj negative
strongsubj leech noun negative
strongsubj leech verb negative
strongsubj leer noun negative
strongsubj leer verb negative
strongsubj leery adj negative
strongsubj left-leaning adj negative
weaksubj legacy noun neutral
weaksubj legacies adj neutral
weaksubj legacies noun neutral
weaksubj legalistic adj neutral
weaksubj legalistic noun neutral
weaksubj legendary adj positive
weaksubj legitimacy noun positive
weaksubj legitimate adj positive
weaksubj legitimately adverb positive
weaksubj lenient adj positive
weaksubj leniently adverb positive
weaksubj less adverb negative
weaksubj less-developed adj negative
weaksubj less-expensive adj positive
weaksubj lessen verb negative
weaksubj lesser anypos negative
weaksubj lesser-known adj negative
strongsubj letch noun negative
weaksubj lethal adj negative
weaksubj lethargic adj negative
weaksubj lethargy noun negative
weaksubj leverage noun positive
weaksubj leverage verb positive
strongsubj levity noun positive
strongsubj lewd adj negative
strongsubj lewdly adverb negative
strongsubj lewdness noun negative
weaksubj liable adj negative
strongsubj liability adj negative
strongsubj liability noun negative
strongsubj liar adj negative
strongsubj liar noun negative
strongsubj liars adj negative
strongsubj liars noun negative
weaksubj liberal adj positive
weaksubj liberation adj positive
weaksubj liberation noun positive
weaksubj liberalism noun positive
weaksubj liberally adverb positive
strongsubj liberate verb positive
strongsubj liberty noun positive
strongsubj licentious adj negative
strongsubj licentiously adverb negative
strongsubj licentiousness noun negative
strongsubj lie adj negative
strongsubj lie noun negative
weaksubj lie verb negative
strongsubj lier noun negative
strongsubj lies adj negative
strongsubj lies noun negative
weaksubj life-threatening adj negative
strongsubj lifeblood noun positive
weaksubj lifeless adj negative
weaksubj lifelong adj positive
weaksubj light adj positive
weaksubj light noun positive
strongsubj light-hearted adj positive
weaksubj lighten verb positive
strongsubj likable adj positive
strongsubj like verb positive
weaksubj likelihood adj neutral
weaksubj likelihood noun neutral
weaksubj likely anypos neutral
strongsubj liking noun positive
strongsubj likewise anypos neutral
weaksubj limit adj negative
weaksubj limit verb negative
weaksubj limitation noun negative
weaksubj limited adj negative
strongsubj limitless adj neutral
strongsubj limitless noun neutral
strongsubj limp adj negative
strongsubj lionhearted adj positive
strongsubj listless adj negative
weaksubj literate adj positive
strongsubj litigious adj negative
strongsubj little adj negative
strongsubj little-known adj negative
weaksubj live adj positive
strongsubj lively adj positive
strongsubj livid anypos negative
strongsubj lividly anypos negative
strongsubj loath adj negative
strongsubj loathe adj negative
strongsubj loathe verb negative
strongsubj loathing anypos negative
strongsubj loathly anypos negative
strongsubj loathsome adj negative
strongsubj loathsomely anypos negative
strongsubj lofty adj positive
weaksubj logical adj positive
strongsubj lone adj negative
strongsubj lone noun negative
strongsubj loneliness noun negative
strongsubj lonely adj negative
strongsubj lonesome adj negative
strongsubj long verb negative
strongsubj longing noun negative
strongsubj longingly anypos negative
weaksubj look anypos neutral
weaksubj looking anypos neutral
strongsubj loophole noun negative
strongsubj loopholes adj negative
strongsubj loopholes noun negative
strongsubj loot verb negative
strongsubj lorn adj negative
strongsubj losing adj negative
strongsubj losing noun negative
weaksubj lose verb negative
weaksubj loser noun negative
weaksubj loss noun negative
weaksubj lost adj negative
strongsubj lousy adj negative
strongsubj lovable adj positive
strongsubj lovably adverb positive
strongsubj love noun positive
strongsubj love verb positive
strongsubj loveless adj negative
strongsubj loveliness noun positive
strongsubj lovelorn adj negative
strongsubj lover noun positive
strongsubj lovely adj positive
strongsubj lovely anypos positive
weaksubj low adj negative
weaksubj low-cost adj positive
strongsubj low-rated adj negative
weaksubj low-risk adj positive
weaksubj lower-priced adj positive
strongsubj lowly adj negative
weaksubj loyal adj positive
strongsubj loyalty adj positive
strongsubj loyalty noun positive
strongsubj lucid adj positive
strongsubj lucidly adj positive
strongsubj luck noun positive
strongsubj luckier adj positive
strongsubj luckier noun positive
strongsubj luckiest anypos positive
strongsubj luckily adj positive
strongsubj luckiness noun positive
strongsubj lucky adj positive
strongsubj lucky noun positive
weaksubj lucrative adj positive
weaksubj lucrative noun positive
strongsubj ludicrous adj negative
strongsubj ludicrously anypos negative
strongsubj lugubrious adj stemmed1=1 negative
strongsubj lukewarm adj negative
weaksubj lull verb negative
weaksubj luminous adj positive
strongsubj lunatic adj negative
strongsubj lunatic noun negative
strongsubj lunaticism noun negative
strongsubj lurch verb negative
strongsubj lure verb negative
strongsubj lurid adj negative
strongsubj lurk verb negative
strongsubj lurking adj negative
strongsubj lush adj positive
strongsubj lust verb both
strongsubj lure verb negative
strongsubj luster noun positive
strongsubj lustrous adj positive
strongsubj luxuriant adj positive
weaksubj luxuriate verb positive
strongsubj luxurious anypos positive
strongsubj luxuriously anypos positive
strongsubj luxury adj positive
strongsubj luxury noun positive
strongsubj lying anypos negative
strongsubj lyrical adj positive
strongsubj macabre adj negative
strongsubj mad adj negative
strongsubj madden verb negative
strongsubj maddening anypos negative
strongsubj maddeningly anypos negative
strongsubj madder adj negative
strongsubj madder noun negative
strongsubj madly anypos negative
strongsubj madman noun negative
strongsubj madness noun negative
strongsubj magic adj positive
strongsubj magical adj positive
strongsubj magnanimous anypos positive
strongsubj magnanimously anypos positive
weaksubj magnetic adj positive
strongsubj magnificence anypos positive
strongsubj magnificent adj positive
strongsubj magnificent anypos positive
strongsubj magnificently anypos positive
weaksubj magnify verb positive
strongsubj majestic adj positive
strongsubj majesty noun positive
weaksubj major adj neutral
strongsubj maladjusted adj negative
strongsubj maladjustment noun negative
weaksubj malady noun negative
weaksubj malaise noun negative
strongsubj malcontent adj negative
strongsubj malcontent noun negative
strongsubj malcontented adj negative
strongsubj maledict noun negative
strongsubj maledict verb negative
strongsubj malevolence noun negative
strongsubj malevolent adj negative
strongsubj malevolently anypos negative
strongsubj malice noun negative
strongsubj malicious adj negative
strongsubj maliciously anypos negative
strongsubj maliciousness noun negative
strongsubj malign adj negative
strongsubj malign verb negative
weaksubj malignant adj negative
strongsubj malodorous adj negative
strongsubj maltreatment adj negative
strongsubj maltreatment noun negative
weaksubj manageable adj positive
weaksubj maneuver adj negative
weaksubj maneuver noun negative
strongsubj mangle verb negative
strongsubj mania noun negative
strongsubj maniac noun negative
strongsubj maniacal adj negative
strongsubj manic adj negative
strongsubj manifest adj positive
weaksubj manipulate verb negative
weaksubj manipulation adj negative
weaksubj manipulation noun negative
strongsubj manipulative adj negative
strongsubj manipulators adj negative
strongsubj manipulators noun negative
strongsubj manly adj positive
strongsubj mannerly adj positive
strongsubj mantra adj neutral
strongsubj mantra noun neutral
strongsubj mar noun negative
strongsubj mar verb negative
weaksubj marginal adj negative
weaksubj marginally adverb negative
strongsubj martyrdom noun negative
strongsubj martyrdom-seeking adj negative
strongsubj marvel noun positive
strongsubj marvel verb positive
strongsubj marvellous adj positive
strongsubj marvelous adj positive
strongsubj marvelous anypos positive
strongsubj marvelously anypos positive
strongsubj marvelousness noun positive
strongsubj marvels noun positive
strongsubj massacre noun negative
strongsubj massacre verb negative
strongsubj massacres noun negative
weaksubj massive adj neutral
strongsubj master adj positive
strongsubj master noun positive
strongsubj masterful adj positive
strongsubj masterfully adverb positive
strongsubj masterpiece noun positive
strongsubj masterpieces noun positive
strongsubj masters adj positive
strongsubj masters noun positive
strongsubj mastery noun positive
strongsubj matchless adj positive
weaksubj matter verb neutral
weaksubj mature adj positive
weaksubj maturely adverb positive
weaksubj maturity noun positive
strongsubj maverick adj negative
strongsubj mawkish anypos negative
strongsubj mawkishly anypos negative
strongsubj mawkishness anypos negative
strongsubj maxi-devaluation adj negative
strongsubj maxi-devaluation noun negative
strongsubj maximize verb positive
strongsubj maybe anypos neutral
strongsubj meager adj negative
strongsubj mean adj negative
weaksubj mean verb neutral
strongsubj meaningful adj positive
strongsubj meaningless adj negative
strongsubj meanness noun negative
strongsubj meddle verb negative
strongsubj meddlesome anypos negative
strongsubj mediocre adj negative
strongsubj mediocrity noun negative
strongsubj meek adj positive
strongsubj melancholy adj negative
strongsubj mellow adj positive
strongsubj melodramatic adj negative
strongsubj melodramatically adverb negative
strongsubj memorable adj positive
strongsubj memorialize verb positive
weaksubj memories adj neutral
weaksubj memories noun neutral
strongsubj menace noun negative
strongsubj menace verb negative
strongsubj menacing anypos negative
strongsubj menacingly anypos negative
weaksubj mend verb positive
strongsubj mendacious adj negative
strongsubj mendacity noun negative
weaksubj menial adj negative
strongsubj mentality noun neutral
weaksubj mentor noun positive
strongsubj merciful anypos positive
strongsubj mercifully anypos positive
strongsubj merciless adj negative
strongsubj mercilessly adverb negative
strongsubj mercy adj positive
strongsubj mercy noun positive
strongsubj mere adj negative
strongsubj mere anypos negative
strongsubj merely anypos negative
strongsubj merit noun positive
strongsubj merit verb positive
strongsubj meritorious adj positive
strongsubj merrily adj positive
strongsubj merriment noun positive
strongsubj merriness noun positive
strongsubj merry adj positive
strongsubj mesmerize verb positive
strongsubj mesmerizing anypos positive
strongsubj mesmerizing anypos positive
strongsubj mesmerizingly anypos positive
strongsubj mess adj negative
strongsubj mess noun negative
weaksubj messy adj negative
strongsubj metaphorize verb neutral
weaksubj meticulous adj positive
weaksubj meticulously adj positive
strongsubj midget adj negative
strongsubj midget noun negative
weaksubj miff verb negative
weaksubj might anypos neutral
strongsubj might noun positive
strongsubj mightily anypos positive
strongsubj mighty anypos positive
weaksubj mild adj positive
strongsubj militancy adj negative
strongsubj militancy noun negative
weaksubj mind verb negative
strongsubj mindful adj positive
strongsubj mindless anypos negative
strongsubj mindlessly anypos negative
weaksubj minister verb positive
weaksubj minor adj neutral
strongsubj miracle noun positive
strongsubj miracles noun positive
strongsubj miraculous adj positive
strongsubj miraculously anypos positive
strongsubj miraculousness noun positive
strongsubj mirage adj negative
strongsubj mirage noun negative
strongsubj mire noun negative
strongsubj mire verb negative
strongsubj mirth noun positive
weaksubj misapprehend verb negative
strongsubj misbecoming adj negative
strongsubj misbecome verb negative
strongsubj misbegotten adj negative
strongsubj misbehave verb negative
strongsubj misbehavior noun negative
weaksubj miscalculate verb negative
weaksubj miscalculation adj negative
weaksubj miscalculation noun negative
strongsubj mischief adj negative
strongsubj mischief noun negative
strongsubj mischievous anypos negative
strongsubj mischievously anypos negative
strongsubj misconception anypos negative
strongsubj misconceptions adj negative
strongsubj misconceptions noun negative
strongsubj miscreant noun negative
strongsubj miscreants noun negative
strongsubj misdirection noun negative
strongsubj miser noun negative
strongsubj miserly anypos negative
strongsubj miserable adj negative
strongsubj miserableness noun negative
strongsubj miserably anypos negative
strongsubj miseries noun negative
strongsubj misery anypos negative
strongsubj misery noun negative
strongsubj misfit noun negative
strongsubj misfortune noun negative
strongsubj misgiving noun negative
strongsubj misgivings noun negative
strongsubj misguidance noun negative
strongsubj misguide verb negative
strongsubj misguided adj negative
strongsubj mishandle verb negative
strongsubj mishap noun negative
strongsubj misinform verb negative
strongsubj misinformed adj negative
strongsubj misinterpret verb negative
strongsubj misjudge verb negative
strongsubj misjudgment noun negative
strongsubj mislead noun negative
strongsubj mislead verb negative
strongsubj misleading anypos negative
strongsubj misleadingly anypos negative
strongsubj mislike verb negative
strongsubj mismanage verb negative
strongsubj misread verb negative
strongsubj misreading adj negative
strongsubj misreading noun negative
strongsubj misrepresent verb negative
strongsubj misrepresentation anypos negative
weaksubj miss verb negative
strongsubj misstatement noun negative
strongsubj mistake adj negative
strongsubj mistake noun negative
strongsubj mistaken verb negative
strongsubj mistakenly adverb negative
strongsubj mistakes adj negative
strongsubj mistakes noun negative
strongsubj mistrust adj negative
strongsubj mistrust noun negative
strongsubj mistrustful anypos negative
strongsubj mistrustfully anypos negative
strongsubj misunderstand verb negative
strongsubj misunderstood verb negative
strongsubj misunderstanding adj negative
strongsubj misunderstanding noun negative
strongsubj misunderstanding verb negative
strongsubj misunderstandings adj negative
strongsubj misunderstandings noun negative
strongsubj misuse verb negative
strongsubj mm anypos neutral
strongsubj moan verb negative
strongsubj mock adj negative
strongsubj mock verb negative
strongsubj mockeries noun negative
strongsubj mockery noun negative
strongsubj mocking adj negative
strongsubj mockingly anypos negative
strongsubj moderate adj positive
strongsubj moderation adj positive
strongsubj moderation noun positive
weaksubj modern adj positive
weaksubj modest adj positive
weaksubj modesty noun positive
strongsubj molest verb negative
strongsubj molestation noun negative
strongsubj mollify verb positive
strongsubj momentous adj positive
strongsubj monotonous adj negative
strongsubj monotony noun negative
strongsubj monster noun negative
strongsubj monstrosities noun negative
strongsubj monstrosity noun negative
strongsubj monstrous adj negative
strongsubj monstrously anypos negative
strongsubj monumental adj positive
strongsubj monumentally adj positive
strongsubj moody adj negative
weaksubj moon verb negative
weaksubj moot adj negative
weaksubj mope verb negative
strongsubj moral adj positive
strongsubj moral noun positive
strongsubj morality noun positive
strongsubj moralize verb positive
strongsubj morbid adj negative
strongsubj morbidly adj negative
strongsubj mordant adj negative
strongsubj mordantly adj negative
strongsubj moreover anypos neutral
strongsubj moribund adj negative
strongsubj mortification noun negative
strongsubj mortified adj negative
strongsubj mortify verb negative
strongsubj mortifying adj negative
strongsubj mortifying anypos negative
weaksubj most anypos neutral
weaksubj mostly anypos neutral
weaksubj motionless adj negative
strongsubj motivate verb positive
strongsubj motivated adj positive
strongsubj motivation adj positive
strongsubj motivation noun positive
weaksubj motive adj neutral
weaksubj motive noun neutral
strongsubj motley adj negative
strongsubj mourn verb negative
strongsubj mourner noun negative
strongsubj mournful anypos negative
strongsubj mournfully anypos negative
weaksubj move verb neutral
strongsubj moving adj positive
weaksubj much anypos neutral
weaksubj muddle verb negative
weaksubj muddy adj negative
strongsubj mudslinger noun negative
strongsubj mudslinging noun negative
strongsubj mulish adj negative
strongsubj multi-polarization adj negative
strongsubj multi-polarization noun negative
strongsubj mum adj neutral
strongsubj mundane adj negative
weaksubj murder noun negative
weaksubj murder verb negative
weaksubj murderous adj negative
weaksubj murderously adverb negative
weaksubj murky adj negative
strongsubj muscle-flexing anypos negative
strongsubj must anypos neutral
weaksubj myriad noun positive
strongsubj mysterious adj negative
strongsubj mysteriously adverb negative
strongsubj mystery noun negative
weaksubj mystify verb negative
weaksubj mistified adj negative
strongsubj myth adj negative
strongsubj myth noun negative
strongsubj nag verb negative
strongsubj nagging anypos negative
strongsubj naive adj negative
strongsubj naively adverb negative
weaksubj nap adj neutral
weaksubj nap noun neutral
weaksubj narrow adj negative
strongsubj narrower adj negative
strongsubj narrower noun negative
weaksubj nascent adj neutral
strongsubj nastily anypos negative
strongsubj nastiness noun negative
strongsubj nasty adj negative
strongsubj nationalism adj negative
strongsubj nationalism noun negative
weaksubj natural adj positive
weaksubj naturally adverb positive
weaksubj nature adj neutral
weaksubj nature noun neutral
strongsubj naughty adj negative
weaksubj nauseate verb negative
strongsubj nauseating adj negative
strongsubj nauseatingly adverb negative
weaksubj navigable adj positive
weaksubj neat adj positive
weaksubj neatly adverb positive
strongsubj nebulous adj negative
strongsubj nebulous noun negative
strongsubj nebulously anypos negative
weaksubj necessarily adj positive
weaksubj necessary adj positive
weaksubj need adj negative
weaksubj need noun negative
strongsubj need verb neutral
strongsubj needful adj neutral
strongsubj needful noun neutral
strongsubj needfully anypos neutral
weaksubj needless adj negative
weaksubj needlessly adverb negative
weaksubj needs adj neutral
weaksubj needs noun neutral
weaksubj needy adj negative
strongsubj nefarious adj negative
strongsubj nefariously anypos negative
weaksubj negate verb negative
weaksubj negation noun negative
weaksubj negative adj negative
strongsubj neglect noun negative
strongsubj neglect verb negative
strongsubj neglected adj negative
strongsubj negligent adj negative
strongsubj negligence noun negative
weaksubj negligible adj negative
strongsubj nemesis noun negative
weaksubj nettle verb negative
strongsubj nettlesome adj negative
strongsubj nevertheless anypos neutral
strongsubj nervous adj negative
strongsubj nervously adverb negative
strongsubj nervousness noun negative
strongsubj neurotic adj negative
strongsubj neurotically adverb negative
weaksubj neutralize verb positive
strongsubj nice adj positive
strongsubj nicely anypos positive
strongsubj nifty adj positive
weaksubj niggle verb negative
strongsubj nightmare noun negative
strongsubj nightmarish adj negative
strongsubj nightmarishly adverb negative
strongsubj nimble adj positive
strongsubj nix verb negative
strongsubj noble adj positive
strongsubj nobly adverb positive
weaksubj noisy adj negative
strongsubj non-confidence adj negative
strongsubj non-confidence noun negative
weaksubj non-violence noun positive
weaksubj non-violent adj positive
weaksubj nonexistent adj negative
strongsubj nonsense anypos negative
weaksubj nonviolent adj neutral
weaksubj normal adj positive
strongsubj nosey adj negative
strongsubj notable adj positive
strongsubj notable noun positive
strongsubj notably anypos positive
strongsubj noteworthy adj positive
strongsubj noteworthy noun positive
weaksubj noticeable adj positive
weaksubj notion adj neutral
weaksubj notion noun neutral
strongsubj notorious adj negative
strongsubj notoriously adverb negative
strongsubj novel adj positive
weaksubj nourish verb positive
weaksubj nourishing adj positive
weaksubj nourishment noun positive
strongsubj nuance adj neutral
strongsubj nuance noun neutral
strongsubj nuances adj neutral
strongsubj nuances noun neutral
strongsubj nuisance adj negative
strongsubj nuisance noun negative
weaksubj numb verb negative
strongsubj nurture verb positive
strongsubj nurturing adj positive
strongsubj nurturing noun positive
strongsubj oasis noun positive
strongsubj obedience noun positive
strongsubj obedient adj positive
strongsubj obediently adverb positive
strongsubj obey verb positive
strongsubj obese adj negative
strongsubj obese noun negative
strongsubj object verb negative
strongsubj objection adj negative
strongsubj objection noun negative
strongsubj objectionable adj negative
strongsubj objections adj negative
strongsubj objections noun negative
weaksubj objective adj positive
weaksubj objectively adverb positive
weaksubj obligation adj neutral
weaksubj obligation noun neutral
strongsubj obliged anypos positive
weaksubj oblique adj negative
strongsubj obliterate verb negative
strongsubj obliterated adj negative
strongsubj oblivious adj negative
strongsubj oblivious noun negative
strongsubj obnoxious adj negative
strongsubj obnoxiously anypos negative
strongsubj obscene adj negative
strongsubj obscenely anypos negative
strongsubj obscenity noun negative
weaksubj obscure adj negative
strongsubj obscure verb negative
strongsubj obscurity anypos negative
strongsubj obsess verb negative
strongsubj obsession noun negative
strongsubj obsessions noun negative
strongsubj obsessive adj negative
strongsubj obsessively anypos negative
strongsubj obsessiveness noun negative
weaksubj obsolete adj negative
strongsubj obstacle adj negative
strongsubj obstacle noun negative
strongsubj obstinate adj negative
strongsubj obstinately anypos negative
weaksubj obstruct verb negative
weaksubj obstruction noun negative
strongsubj obtrusive adj negative
strongsubj obtuse adj negative
strongsubj obviate verb positive
weaksubj obvious adj neutral
weaksubj obvious anypos neutral
weaksubj obvious noun neutral
strongsubj obviously anypos negative
weaksubj odd adj negative
weaksubj odd anypos negative
strongsubj odder anypos negative
strongsubj oddest anypos negative
strongsubj oddities adj negative
strongsubj oddities noun negative
strongsubj oddity noun negative
strongsubj oddly anypos negative
strongsubj offbeat adj positive
weaksubj offence adj negative
weaksubj offence noun negative
strongsubj offend adj negative
strongsubj offend verb negative
strongsubj offending anypos negative
strongsubj offenses adj negative
strongsubj offenses noun negative
weaksubj offensive adj negative
weaksubj offensive anypos negative
weaksubj offensive noun negative
strongsubj offensively anypos negative
strongsubj offensiveness noun negative
strongsubj officious adj negative
weaksubj offset verb positive
strongsubj oh anypos neutral
weaksubj okay adj positive
strongsubj okay anypos positive
weaksubj olympic adj neutral
strongsubj ominous adj negative
strongsubj ominously anypos negative
weaksubj omission noun negative
weaksubj omit verb negative
strongsubj one-side adj negative
strongsubj one-sided anypos negative
strongsubj onerous adj negative
strongsubj onerously anypos negative
weaksubj onslaught adj negative
weaksubj onslaught noun negative
weaksubj onward adj positive
weaksubj onward noun positive
weaksubj open adj positive
weaksubj openly adj positive
weaksubj open-ended adj neutral
weaksubj openness adj positive
weaksubj openness noun positive
strongsubj opinion adj neutral
strongsubj opinion noun neutral
strongsubj opinionated adj negative
strongsubj opinions adj neutral
strongsubj opinions noun neutral
strongsubj opponent noun negative
strongsubj opportune adj positive
strongsubj opportunity noun positive
weaksubj opportunistic adj negative
strongsubj oppose verb negative
strongsubj opposition adj negative
strongsubj opposition noun negative
strongsubj oppositions adj negative
strongsubj oppositions noun negative
strongsubj oppress verb negative
strongsubj oppression adj negative
strongsubj oppression noun negative
strongsubj oppressive adj negative
strongsubj oppressively anypos negative
strongsubj oppressiveness noun negative
strongsubj oppressors adj negative
strongsubj oppressors noun negative
strongsubj optimal adj positive
strongsubj optimism noun positive
weaksubj optimistic adj positive
strongsubj opulent adj positive
strongsubj ordeal noun negative
weaksubj orderly adj positive
weaksubj original adj positive
weaksubj originality noun positive
weaksubj orphan noun negative
strongsubj orthodoxy noun neutral
strongsubj ostracize verb negative
strongsubj ought anypos neutral
weaksubj outbreak noun negative
strongsubj outburst adj negative
strongsubj outburst noun negative
strongsubj outbursts adj negative
strongsubj outbursts noun negative
strongsubj outcast noun negative
strongsubj outcry noun negative
weaksubj outdated adj negative
strongsubj outdo verb positive
weaksubj outgoing adj positive
strongsubj outlaw noun negative
weaksubj outlook adj neutral
weaksubj outlook noun neutral
weaksubj outmoded adj negative
strongsubj outrage noun negative
strongsubj outrage verb negative
strongsubj outraged adj negative
strongsubj outrageous adj negative
strongsubj outrageous anypos negative
strongsubj outrageously anypos negative
strongsubj outrageousness noun negative
strongsubj outrages noun negative
strongsubj outright adj neutral
strongsubj outshine verb positive
weaksubj outsider noun negative
strongsubj outsmart verb positive
weaksubj outspoken adj neutral
weaksubj outspoken noun neutral
strongsubj outstanding adj positive
strongsubj outstandingly anypos positive
strongsubj outstrip verb positive
strongsubj outwit verb positive
strongsubj ovation adj positive
strongsubj ovation noun positive
strongsubj over-acted anypos negative
weaksubj over-valuation adj negative
weaksubj over-valuation noun negative
strongsubj overachiever noun positive
strongsubj overact anypos negative
strongsubj overact verb negative
strongsubj overacted anypos negative
weaksubj overawe verb negative
weaksubj overbalance verb negative
weaksubj overbalanced adj negative
strongsubj overbearing adj negative
strongsubj overbearingly adverb negative
strongsubj overblown adj negative
strongsubj overcome verb negative
strongsubj overdo verb negative
strongsubj overdone anypos negative
strongsubj overdue adj negative
strongsubj overemphasize verb negative
strongsubj overjoyed adj positive
strongsubj overkill noun negative
strongsubj overlook verb negative
strongsubj overplay verb negative
weaksubj overpower verb negative
weaksubj overreach verb negative
weaksubj overrun verb negative
weaksubj overshadow verb negative
weaksubj oversight noun negative
weaksubj oversimplification noun negative
weaksubj oversimplified adj negative
weaksubj oversimplify verb negative
weaksubj oversized adj negative
strongsubj overstate anypos negative
strongsubj overstatement adj negative
strongsubj overstatement noun negative
strongsubj overstatements anypos negative
weaksubj overt adj neutral
weaksubj overtaxed adj negative
weaksubj overthrow verb negative
weaksubj overturn verb negative
strongsubj overture adj positive
strongsubj overture noun positive
weaksubj overtures adj neutral
weaksubj overtures noun neutral
weaksubj overwhelm verb negative
strongsubj overwhelming adj negative
strongsubj overwhelmingly anypos negative
strongsubj overworked adj negative
strongsubj overzealous adj negative
strongsubj overzealously adverb negative
strongsubj pacifist noun positive
strongsubj pacifists adj positive
strongsubj pacifists noun positive
weaksubj pacify verb neutral
strongsubj pain adj negative
strongsubj pain noun negative
weaksubj pain verb negative
weaksubj painful adj negative
weaksubj painfully adverb negative
weaksubj painless adj positive
weaksubj painlessly adverb positive
strongsubj pains adj negative
strongsubj pains noun negative
strongsubj painstaking adj positive
strongsubj painstakingly adverb positive
strongsubj palatable adj positive
strongsubj palatial adj positive
weaksubj pale adj negative
weaksubj pale noun negative
strongsubj palliate verb positive
strongsubj paltry adj negative
weaksubj pamper verb positive
weaksubj pan verb negative
strongsubj pandemonium noun negative
strongsubj panic noun negative
strongsubj panic verb negative
strongsubj panicky adj negative
strongsubj paradise noun positive
strongsubj paradoxical adj negative
strongsubj paradoxically adverb negative
weaksubj paralize verb negative
weaksubj paralyzed adj negative
strongsubj paramount adj positive
strongsubj paranoia noun negative
strongsubj paranoid adj negative
weaksubj parasite noun negative
strongsubj pardon verb positive
strongsubj pariah noun negative
strongsubj parody verb negative
strongsubj partiality adj negative
strongsubj partiality noun negative
weaksubj particular adj neutral
weaksubj particularly adverb neutral
strongsubj partisan adj negative
strongsubj partisan noun negative
strongsubj partisans adj negative
strongsubj partisans noun negative
strongsubj passe adj negative
strongsubj passion noun positive
strongsubj passionate adj positive
strongsubj passionately anypos positive
weaksubj passive adj negative
strongsubj passive noun negative
strongsubj passiveness adj negative
strongsubj passiveness noun negative
strongsubj pathetic adj negative
strongsubj pathetically anypos negative
strongsubj patience noun positive
weaksubj patient adj positive
weaksubj patient adj positive
weaksubj patient noun positive
strongsubj patiently adverb positive
strongsubj patriot noun positive
strongsubj patriotic adj positive
strongsubj patronize verb negative
strongsubj paucity adj negative
strongsubj paucity noun negative
strongsubj pauper noun negative
strongsubj paupers adj negative
strongsubj paupers noun negative
strongsubj payback adj negative
strongsubj payback noun negative
weaksubj peace adj positive
weaksubj peace noun positive
strongsubj peaceable adj positive
weaksubj peaceful adj positive
weaksubj peaceful noun positive
weaksubj peacefully adverb positive
weaksubj peacekeepers adj positive
weaksubj peacekeepers noun positive
strongsubj peculiar anypos negative
strongsubj peculiarly anypos negative
strongsubj pedantic adj negative
weaksubj pedestrian adj negative
strongsubj peerless adj positive
strongsubj peeve verb negative
strongsubj peeved adj negative
strongsubj peevish adj negative
strongsubj peevishly adverb negative
strongsubj penalize verb negative
weaksubj penalty adj negative
weaksubj penalty noun negative
strongsubj penetrating adj positive
strongsubj penitent adj positive
strongsubj perceptions adj neutral
strongsubj perceptions noun neutral
strongsubj perceptive adj positive
strongsubj perfect adj positive
strongsubj perfect anypos positive
strongsubj perfect verb positive
strongsubj perfection noun positive
strongsubj perfectly anypos positive
strongsubj perfidious adj negative
strongsubj perfidity noun negative
strongsubj perfunctory adj negative
strongsubj perfunctory noun negative
strongsubj perhaps anypos neutral
strongsubj peril noun negative
weaksubj perilous adj negative
weaksubj perilously adverb negative
weaksubj peripheral adj negative
strongsubj perish verb negative
weaksubj permissible adj positive
strongsubj pernicious adj negative
strongsubj perplex verb negative
strongsubj perplexed adj negative
strongsubj perplexing anypos negative
strongsubj perplexity noun negative
strongsubj persecute verb negative
strongsubj persecution adj negative
strongsubj persecution noun negative
strongsubj perseverance noun positive
strongsubj persevere verb positive
weaksubj persistence adj neutral
weaksubj persistence noun neutral
weaksubj persistent adj positive
weaksubj persistent noun positive
weaksubj personages adj positive
weaksubj personages noun positive
strongsubj personality adj positive
strongsubj personality noun positive
weaksubj perspective adj neutral
weaksubj perspective noun neutral
strongsubj perspicuous adj positive
strongsubj perspicuously adverb positive
strongsubj persuade verb positive
strongsubj persuasive adj positive
strongsubj persuasive noun positive
strongsubj persuasively adverb positive
strongsubj pertinacious adj negative
strongsubj pertinaciously adverb negative
strongsubj pertinacity noun negative
weaksubj pertinent adj positive
strongsubj perturb verb negative
strongsubj perturbed adj negative
strongsubj pervasive adj m negative
strongsubj pervasive noun m negative
strongsubj perverse adj negative
strongsubj perversely anypos negative
strongsubj perversion noun negative
strongsubj perversity noun negative
strongsubj pervert verb negative
strongsubj perverted anypos negative
strongsubj pessimism noun negative
strongsubj pessimistic adj negative
strongsubj pessimistically anypos negative
strongsubj pest noun negative
strongsubj pestilent adj negative
strongsubj petrify verb negative
strongsubj petrified adj negative
strongsubj pettifog verb negative
strongsubj petty adj negative
strongsubj phenomenal adj positive
strongsubj phenomenally anypos positive
strongsubj philosophize verb neutral
strongsubj phobia noun negative
strongsubj phobic adj negative
strongsubj phony adj negative
strongsubj picky adj negative
strongsubj picturesque adj positive
weaksubj piety noun positive
strongsubj pillage verb negative
strongsubj pillar adj positive
strongsubj pillar noun positive
strongsubj pillory verb negative
weaksubj pinch noun negative
weaksubj pinch verb negative
strongsubj pine verb negative
strongsubj pinnacle noun positive
strongsubj pious adj positive
weaksubj pique verb negative
strongsubj pithy adj positive
strongsubj pithy noun positive
strongsubj pitiable adj negative
strongsubj pitiful adj negative
strongsubj pitifully adj negative
strongsubj pitiless adj negative
strongsubj pitilessly adverb negative
strongsubj pittance noun negative
strongsubj pity noun negative
strongsubj pity verb negative
weaksubj pivotal adj neutral
strongsubj placate verb positive
weaksubj placid adj positive
strongsubj plagiarize verb negative
strongsubj plague adj negative
strongsubj plague noun negative
weaksubj plague verb negative
weaksubj plain adj positive
strongsubj plainly anypos positive
strongsubj plausibility noun positive
strongsubj plausible adj positive
weaksubj player adj neutral
weaksubj player noun neutral
strongsubj playful adj positive
strongsubj playfully adverb positive
strongsubj plaything adj negative
strongsubj plaything noun negative
strongsubj plead verb both
strongsubj pleading adj both
strongsubj pleadingly anypos both
weaksubj plea noun negative
strongsubj pleas adj negative
strongsubj pleas noun negative
weaksubj pleasant adj positive
weaksubj pleasantly adj positive
strongsubj please verb positive
strongsubj pleased adj positive
strongsubj pleasing anypos positive
strongsubj pleasingly anypos positive
strongsubj pleasurable anypos positive
strongsubj pleasurably anypos positive
strongsubj pleasure adj positive
strongsubj pleasure noun positive
strongsubj plebeian adj negative
strongsubj pledge noun positive
strongsubj pledge verb positive
strongsubj pledges adj positive
strongsubj pledges noun positive
weaksubj plenary adj neutral
weaksubj plentiful adj positive
strongsubj plenty anypos positive
strongsubj plight noun negative
strongsubj plot verb negative
strongsubj plotters adj negative
strongsubj plotters noun negative
strongsubj ploy adj negative
strongsubj ploy noun negative
strongsubj plunder verb negative
strongsubj plunderer anypos negative
strongsubj plush adj positive
strongsubj poetic adj positive
strongsubj poeticize verb positive
strongsubj poignant adj positive
weaksubj point adj neutral
weaksubj point noun neutral
weaksubj pointless adj negative
weaksubj pointlessly adverb negative
strongsubj poise noun positive
strongsubj poised adj positive
strongsubj poison adj negative
strongsubj poison noun negative
weaksubj poisonous adj negative
weaksubj poisonously adj negative
strongsubj polarisation adj negative
strongsubj polarisation noun negative
strongsubj polemize verb negative
weaksubj polished adj positive
weaksubj polite adj positive
weaksubj politeness noun positive
weaksubj pollute verb negative
strongsubj polluter adj negative
strongsubj polluter noun negative
strongsubj polluters adj negative
strongsubj polluters noun negative
weaksubj polution noun negative
strongsubj pompous adj negative
strongsubj ponder verb neutral
weaksubj poor adj negative
strongsubj poorly adverb negative
weaksubj popular adj positive
weaksubj popular noun positive
weaksubj popularity adj positive
weaksubj popularity noun positive
weaksubj portable adj positive
strongsubj posh adj positive
weaksubj position adj neutral
weaksubj position noun neutral
weaksubj positive adj positive
strongsubj positiveness noun positive
strongsubj positively adverb positive
weaksubj possibility adj neutral
weaksubj possibility noun neutral
weaksubj possible anypos neutral
weaksubj possibly anypos neutral
weaksubj posterity noun positive
weaksubj posture adj neutral
weaksubj posture noun neutral
strongsubj posturing adj negative
strongsubj posturing noun negative
strongsubj potent adj positive
weaksubj potential adj positive
weaksubj potential noun positive
strongsubj pout verb negative
strongsubj poverty noun negative
weaksubj power adj neutral
weaksubj power noun neutral
weaksubj powerful adj positive
weaksubj powerfully adverb positive
weaksubj powerless adj negative
weaksubj practicable adj positive
weaksubj practical adj positive
weaksubj practically anypos neutral
strongsubj pragmatic adj positive
strongsubj praise noun positive
strongsubj praise verb positive
strongsubj praiseworthy adj positive
strongsubj praising adj positive
strongsubj praising noun positive
strongsubj prate verb negative
strongsubj pratfall noun negative
strongsubj prattle verb negative
strongsubj pray verb neutral
weaksubj pre-eminent adj positive
strongsubj preach verb positive
strongsubj preaching adj positive
strongsubj preaching noun positive
weaksubj precarious adj negative
weaksubj precariously adverb negative
strongsubj precaution noun positive
strongsubj precautions noun positive
weaksubj precedent noun positive
strongsubj precious adj positive
strongsubj precious adverb neutral
strongsubj precious noun positive
strongsubj precipitate verb negative
strongsubj precipitous adj negative
weaksubj precise adj positive
weaksubj precisely adverb positive
weaksubj precision noun positive
weaksubj predatory adj negative
strongsubj predicament noun negative
weaksubj predictable adj neutral
weaksubj predictablely adverb neutral
weaksubj predominant adj neutral
weaksubj preeminent adj positive
weaksubj preemptive adj positive
strongsubj prefer verb positive
strongsubj preferable adj positive
strongsubj preferable anypos positive
strongsubj preferably anypos positive
strongsubj preference noun positive
strongsubj preferences adj positive
strongsubj preferences noun positive
strongsubj prejudge verb negative
strongsubj prejudice adj negative
strongsubj prejudice noun negative
strongsubj prejudicial adj negative
strongsubj premeditated adj negative
weaksubj premier adj positive
weaksubj premium adj positive
weaksubj preoccupy verb negative
weaksubj prepared adj positive
strongsubj preponderance adj positive
strongsubj preponderance noun positive
strongsubj preposterous adj negative
strongsubj preposterously anypos negative
weaksubj press verb positive
strongsubj pressing adj negative
strongsubj pressing noun negative
weaksubj pressure adj neutral
weaksubj pressure noun neutral
weaksubj pressures adj neutral
weaksubj pressures noun neutral
strongsubj prestige noun positive
weaksubj prestigious adj positive
strongsubj presumably anypos neutral
strongsubj presume verb negative
strongsubj presumptuous adj negative
strongsubj presumptuous anypos negative
strongsubj presumptuously anypos negative
strongsubj pretence adj negative
strongsubj pretence noun negative
strongsubj pretend verb negative
strongsubj pretense adj negative
strongsubj pretense noun negative
strongsubj pretentious anypos negative
strongsubj pretentiously anypos negative
strongsubj prettily anypos positive
strongsubj pretty anypos positive
weaksubj prevalent adj neutral
strongsubj prevaricate verb negative
strongsubj priceless adj positive
weaksubj pricey adj negative
strongsubj prickle verb negative
strongsubj prickles adj negative
strongsubj prickles noun negative
strongsubj pride noun positive
strongsubj prideful adj negative
weaksubj primarily adj neutral
weaksubj primary adj neutral
weaksubj prime adj neutral
weaksubj primitive adj negative
weaksubj primitive noun negative
weaksubj principle adj positive
weaksubj principle noun positive
weaksubj principled adj positive
weaksubj prison noun negative
weaksubj prisoner noun negative
strongsubj privilege noun positive
strongsubj privileged adj positive
strongsubj prize verb positive
weaksubj pro noun positive
strongsubj pro-American adj positive
strongsubj pro-American noun positive
strongsubj pro-Beijing adj positive
strongsubj pro-Beijing noun positive
strongsubj pro-Cuba adj positive
strongsubj pro-Cuba noun positive
strongsubj pro-peace adj positive
strongsubj pro-peace noun positive
strongsubj proactive adj positive
strongsubj proactive noun positive
weaksubj problem noun negative
strongsubj problematic adj negative
strongsubj problematic noun negative
weaksubj problems adj negative
weaksubj problems noun negative
strongsubj proclaim verb neutral
strongsubj procrastinate verb negative
strongsubj procrastination noun negative
strongsubj prodigious adj positive
strongsubj prodigiously anypos positive
strongsubj prodigy noun positive
weaksubj productive adj positive
strongsubj profane adj negative
strongsubj profane verb negative
strongsubj profanity noun negative
strongsubj profess verb positive
strongsubj proficient adj positive
strongsubj proficiently adverb positive
weaksubj profit noun positive
weaksubj profit verb positive
weaksubj profitable adj positive
strongsubj profound adj positive
strongsubj profoundly anypos positive
strongsubj profuse adj positive
strongsubj profusely anypos positive
strongsubj profusion noun positive
strongsubj prognosticate verb neutral
weaksubj progress noun positive
weaksubj progress verb positive
weaksubj progressive adj positive
weaksubj prohibit verb negative
weaksubj prohibitive adj negative
weaksubj prohibitively adverb negative
weaksubj prolific adj positive
weaksubj prominent adj positive
weaksubj prominence noun positive
strongsubj promise adj positive
strongsubj promise noun positive
strongsubj promising adj positive
strongsubj promoter adj positive
strongsubj promoter noun positive
weaksubj prompt adj positive
weaksubj promptly adverb positive
strongsubj propaganda adj negative
strongsubj propaganda noun negative
strongsubj propagandize verb negative
weaksubj proper adj positive
weaksubj properly adverb positive
strongsubj prophesy verb neutral
strongsubj propitious adj positive
strongsubj propitiously adverb positive
weaksubj proportionate adj neutral
weaksubj proportionate noun neutral
weaksubj proportionately adverb neutral
strongsubj proscription adj negative
strongsubj proscription noun negative
strongsubj proscriptions adj negative
strongsubj proscriptions noun negative
strongsubj prosecute verb negative
weaksubj prospect adj positive
weaksubj prospect noun positive
weaksubj prospects adj positive
weaksubj prospects noun positive
strongsubj prosper verb positive
weaksubj prosperity adj positive
weaksubj prosperity noun positive
weaksubj prosperous adj positive
weaksubj protect verb positive
weaksubj protection noun positive
weaksubj protective adj positive
strongsubj protector adj positive
strongsubj protector noun positive
strongsubj protest adj negative
strongsubj protest noun negative
strongsubj protest verb negative
weaksubj protests adj negative
weaksubj protests noun negative
weaksubj protracted adj negative
strongsubj proud adj positive
weaksubj prove anypos neutral
strongsubj providence noun positive
strongsubj provocation adj negative
strongsubj provocation noun negative
strongsubj provocative adj negative
strongsubj provocative noun negative
strongsubj provoke verb negative
strongsubj prowess noun positive
weaksubj prudence adj positive
weaksubj prudence noun positive
strongsubj prudent adj positive
strongsubj prudently adverb positive
weaksubj pry verb negative
strongsubj pugnacious adj negative
strongsubj pugnaciously anypos negative
strongsubj pugnacity noun negative
strongsubj punch adj negative
strongsubj punch noun negative
strongsubj punctual adj positive
strongsubj pundits adj positive
strongsubj pundits noun positive
strongsubj punish verb negative
weaksubj punishable adj negative
weaksubj punitive adj negative
weaksubj punitive noun negative
strongsubj puny adj negative
strongsubj puppet adj negative
strongsubj puppet noun negative
strongsubj puppets adj negative
strongsubj puppets noun negative
weaksubj pure adj positive
weaksubj purification noun positive
weaksubj purify verb positive
weaksubj purity noun positive
strongsubj purposeful adj positive
strongsubj puzzle verb negative
strongsubj puzzled anypos negative
strongsubj puzzlement noun negative
strongsubj puzzling anypos negative
strongsubj quack verb negative
strongsubj quaint adj positive
weaksubj qualified adj positive
weaksubj qualify adj positive
weaksubj qualify verb positive
strongsubj qualms adj negative
strongsubj qualms noun negative
strongsubj quandary noun negative
weaksubj quarrel adj negative
weaksubj quarrel noun negative
strongsubj quarrel verb negative
strongsubj quarrellous anypos negative
strongsubj quarrellously anypos negative
strongsubj quarrels anypos negative
strongsubj quarrelsome adj negative
strongsubj quash verb negative
strongsubj quasi-ally adj positive
strongsubj quasi-ally noun positive
weaksubj queer adj negative
weaksubj quench verb positive
strongsubj questionable adj negative
strongsubj questionable anypos negative
strongsubj quibble verb negative
strongsubj quicken verb positive
weaksubj quick adj neutral
weaksubj quiet adj neutral
weaksubj quit verb negative
strongsubj quite anypos neutral
strongsubj quitter noun negative
weaksubj racism adj negative
weaksubj racism noun negative
strongsubj racist adj negative
strongsubj racist anypos negative
strongsubj racist noun negative
strongsubj racists anypos negative
strongsubj racists noun negative
strongsubj rack verb negative
strongsubj radiance noun positive
strongsubj radiant adj positive
strongsubj radical adj negative
strongsubj radical anypos negative
strongsubj radical noun negative
strongsubj radicalization adj negative
strongsubj radicalization noun negative
strongsubj radically anypos negative
strongsubj radicals anypos negative
strongsubj rage noun negative
strongsubj rage verb negative
strongsubj ragged adj negative
strongsubj raging adj negative
strongsubj rail verb negative
strongsubj rally verb positive
strongsubj rampage verb negative
strongsubj rampant adj negative
strongsubj ramshackle adj negative
strongsubj rancor noun negative
strongsubj rank adj negative
strongsubj rankle verb negative
strongsubj rant anypos negative
strongsubj rant verb negative
strongsubj ranting adj negative
strongsubj rantingly anypos negative
weaksubj rapid adj neutral
weaksubj rapprochement adj positive
weaksubj rapprochement noun positive
strongsubj rapport noun positive
strongsubj rapt verb positive
strongsubj rapture anypos positive
strongsubj rapture noun positive
strongsubj raptureous adj positive
strongsubj raptureously anypos positive
strongsubj rapturous anypos positive
strongsubj rapturously anypos positive
weaksubj rare adj neutral
weaksubj rarely adverb neutral
strongsubj rascal noun negative
strongsubj rash adj negative
weaksubj rat noun negative
strongsubj rather adverb neutral
weaksubj rather anypos neutral
strongsubj rational adj positive
weaksubj rationality adj positive
weaksubj rationality noun positive
strongsubj rationalize verb negative
strongsubj rattle verb negative
strongsubj ravage verb negative
strongsubj rave verb positive
strongsubj raving adj negative
strongsubj re-conquest adj positive
strongsubj re-conquest noun positive
weaksubj react verb neutral
weaksubj reaction adj neutral
weaksubj reaction noun neutral
strongsubj reactionary adj negative
weaksubj reactions adj neutral
weaksubj reactions noun neutral
weaksubj readiness adj neutral
weaksubj readiness noun neutral
weaksubj readily adverb positive
weaksubj ready adj positive
weaksubj reaffirm noun positive
weaksubj reaffirmation adj positive
weaksubj reaffirmation noun positive
weaksubj real anypos positive
strongsubj realist noun positive
strongsubj realistic adj positive
strongsubj realistically adverb positive
weaksubj realization adj neutral
weaksubj realization noun neutral
strongsubj really anypos neutral
weaksubj reason noun positive
weaksubj reasonable adj positive
weaksubj reasonably adverb positive
weaksubj reasoned anypos positive
strongsubj reassurance adj positive
strongsubj reassurance noun positive
strongsubj reassure verb positive
strongsubj rebellious adj negative
strongsubj rebuff verb negative
strongsubj rebuke verb negative
strongsubj recalcitrant adj negative
strongsubj recant verb negative
strongsubj receptive adj positive
weaksubj recession noun negative
weaksubj recessionary adj negative
strongsubj reckless adj negative
strongsubj recklessly anypos negative
strongsubj recklessness noun negative
weaksubj reclaim verb positive
weaksubj recognition adj positive
weaksubj recognition noun positive
weaksubj recognizable adj neutral
weaksubj recognizable anypos neutral
strongsubj recoil verb negative
strongsubj recommend verb positive
strongsubj recommendation noun positive
strongsubj recommendations adj positive
strongsubj recommendations noun positive
strongsubj recommended anypos positive
weaksubj recompense noun positive
weaksubj recompense verb positive
weaksubj reconcile verb positive
weaksubj reconciliation adj positive
weaksubj reconciliation noun positive
weaksubj record-setting adj positive
weaksubj recourses adj negative
weaksubj recourses noun negative
weaksubj recover verb positive
strongsubj rectification adj positive
strongsubj rectification noun positive
strongsubj rectify verb positive
strongsubj rectifying adj positive
strongsubj rectifying noun positive
strongsubj redeem verb positive
strongsubj redeeming adj positive
strongsubj redemption noun positive
weaksubj redundancy noun negative
weaksubj redundant adj negative
weaksubj reestablish verb positive
weaksubj refine verb positive
weaksubj refined adj positive
weaksubj refinement noun positive
strongsubj reflecting adj neutral
strongsubj reflecting noun neutral
strongsubj reflective adj neutral
weaksubj reform noun positive
weaksubj reform verb positive
weaksubj refresh verb positive
strongsubj refreshing adj positive
strongsubj refuge noun positive
weaksubj refusal adj negative
weaksubj refusal noun negative
strongsubj refuse verb negative
strongsubj refutation adj negative
strongsubj refutation noun negative
strongsubj refute verb negative
strongsubj regal adj positive
strongsubj regally adverb positive
strongsubj regard noun positive
strongsubj regard verb neutral
strongsubj regardless anypos neutral
strongsubj regardlessly anypos neutral
weaksubj regress verb negative
weaksubj regression noun negative
weaksubj regressive adj negative
strongsubj regret adj negative
strongsubj regret noun negative
strongsubj regret verb negative
strongsubj regretful anypos negative
strongsubj regretfully anypos negative
strongsubj regrettable anypos negative
strongsubj regrettably anypos negative
weaksubj rehabilitate verb positive
weaksubj rehabilitation noun positive
weaksubj reinforce verb positive
weaksubj reinforcement noun positive
weaksubj reiterate verb neutral
weaksubj reiterated adj neutral
weaksubj reiterated noun neutral
weaksubj reiterates adj neutral
weaksubj reiterates noun neutral
strongsubj reject verb negative
strongsubj rejection adj negative
strongsubj rejection noun negative
strongsubj rejoice verb positive
strongsubj rejoicing anypos positive
strongsubj rejoicingly anypos positive
weaksubj relapse verb negative
weaksubj relations adj neutral
weaksubj relations noun neutral
weaksubj relax verb positive
weaksubj relaxed adj positive
strongsubj relent verb positive
strongsubj relentless anypos negative
strongsubj relentlessly anypos negative
strongsubj relentlessness noun negative
weaksubj relevant adj positive
weaksubj relevance noun positive
weaksubj reliable adj positive
weaksubj reliability noun positive
weaksubj reliably adverb positive
strongsubj relief adj positive
strongsubj relief noun positive
weaksubj relieve verb positive
strongsubj relish verb positive
strongsubj reluctance adj negative
strongsubj reluctance noun negative
weaksubj reluctant adj negative
weaksubj reluctantly adverb negative
weaksubj remark adj neutral
weaksubj remark noun neutral
strongsubj remarkable adj positive
strongsubj remarkable anypos positive
strongsubj remarkably anypos positive
weaksubj remedy noun positive
strongsubj reminiscent adj positive
strongsubj reminiscent noun positive
strongsubj remorse anypos negative
strongsubj remorse noun negative
strongsubj remorseful adj negative
strongsubj remorseful anypos negative
strongsubj remorsefully anypos negative
strongsubj remorseless adj negative
strongsubj remorselessly anypos negative
strongsubj remorselessness noun negative
strongsubj remunerate verb positive
strongsubj renaissance noun positive
weaksubj renewable adj neutral
weaksubj renewal noun positive
weaksubj renovate verb positive
weaksubj renovation noun positive
strongsubj renounce verb negative
strongsubj renown noun positive
strongsubj renowned adj positive
strongsubj renunciation noun negative
weaksubj repair noun positive
weaksubj repair verb positive
weaksubj reparation noun positive
strongsubj repay verb positive
weaksubj repel verb negative
strongsubj repent verb positive
strongsubj repentance noun positive
weaksubj repetitive adj negative
weaksubj replete adj neutral
strongsubj reprehensible adj negative
strongsubj reprehensible anypos negative
strongsubj reprehensibly anypos negative
strongsubj reprehension noun negative
strongsubj reprehensive adj negative
weaksubj repress verb negative
weaksubj repression adj negative
weaksubj repression noun negative
weaksubj repressive adj negative
strongsubj reprimand verb negative
strongsubj reproach adj negative
strongsubj reproach noun negative
strongsubj reproach verb negative
strongsubj reproachful adj negative
strongsubj reprove verb negative
strongsubj reprovingly anypos negative
strongsubj repudiate verb negative
strongsubj repudiation adj negative
strongsubj repudiation noun negative
strongsubj repugn verb negative
strongsubj repugnance noun negative
strongsubj repugnant adj negative
strongsubj repugnantly anypos negative
weaksubj repulse verb negative
weaksubj repulsed anypos negative
strongsubj repulsing anypos negative
strongsubj repulsive anypos negative
strongsubj repulsively anypos negative
strongsubj repulsiveness noun negative
weaksubj reputable adj positive
weaksubj reputed adj neutral
weaksubj rescue noun positive
weaksubj rescue verb positive
strongsubj resent verb negative
strongsubj resentful adj negative
strongsubj resentment adj negative
strongsubj resentment noun negative
weaksubj reservations adj negative
weaksubj reservations noun negative
weaksubj resignation noun negative
weaksubj resigned adj negative
weaksubj resilient adj positive
weaksubj resistance adj negative
weaksubj resistance noun negative
weaksubj resistant adj negative
weaksubj resistant noun negative
weaksubj resolute adj positive
weaksubj resolve adj positive
weaksubj resolve noun positive
weaksubj resolve verb positive
weaksubj resolved adj positive
weaksubj resound verb positive
strongsubj resounding adj positive
strongsubj resourceful adj positive
strongsubj resourcefulness noun positive
strongsubj respect adj positive
strongsubj respect noun positive
weaksubj respect verb positive
strongsubj respectable adj positive
strongsubj respectful anypos positive
strongsubj respectfully anypos positive
strongsubj respite noun positive
strongsubj resplendent adj positive
weaksubj responsibility noun positive
weaksubj responsible adj positive
weaksubj responsibly adverb positive
weaksubj responsive adj positive
weaksubj restful adj positive
weaksubj restless adj negative
weaksubj restlessness noun negative
weaksubj restoration noun positive
weaksubj restore verb positive
weaksubj restraint adj positive
weaksubj restraint noun positive
weaksubj restrict verb negative
weaksubj restricted adj negative
weaksubj restriction noun negative
weaksubj restrictive adj negative
weaksubj resurgent adj positive
weaksubj retaliate verb negative
weaksubj retaliatory adj negative
weaksubj retard verb negative
strongsubj reticent adj negative
weaksubj retire verb negative
weaksubj retract verb negative
weaksubj retreat noun negative
weaksubj retreat verb negative
weaksubj reunite verb positive
weaksubj reveal anypos neutral
strongsubj revealing adj neutral
strongsubj revel adj positive
strongsubj revel noun positive
strongsubj revel verb positive
weaksubj revelation adj positive
weaksubj revelation noun positive
strongsubj revelatory anypos neutral
strongsubj revenge noun negative
strongsubj revenge verb negative
strongsubj revengeful adj negative
strongsubj revengefully anypos negative
strongsubj revere verb positive
strongsubj reverence noun positive
strongsubj reverent adj positive
strongsubj reverently adverb positive
weaksubj revert verb negative
weaksubj revival noun positive
weaksubj revive verb positive
strongsubj revile verb negative
strongsubj reviled adj negative
weaksubj revitalize verb positive
weaksubj revoke verb negative
weaksubj revolt verb negative
strongsubj revolting anypos negative
strongsubj revoltingly anypos negative
weaksubj revolution adj positive
weaksubj revolution noun positive
strongsubj revulsion noun negative
strongsubj revulsive adj negative
strongsubj reward verb positive
strongsubj rewarding anypos positive
strongsubj rewardingly anypos positive
weaksubj rhapsodize verb negative
weaksubj rhetoric adj negative
weaksubj rhetoric noun negative
strongsubj rhetorical adj negative
strongsubj rhetorical noun negative
weaksubj rich adj positive
weaksubj riches noun positive
strongsubj richly adverb positive
strongsubj richness noun positive
strongsubj rid verb negative
strongsubj ridicule noun negative
strongsubj ridicule verb negative
strongsubj ridiculous anypos negative
strongsubj ridiculously anypos negative
strongsubj rife adj negative
strongsubj rift adj negative
strongsubj rift noun negative
strongsubj rifts adj negative
strongsubj rifts noun negative
weaksubj right adj positive
weaksubj right noun positive
strongsubj right verb positive
strongsubj righten verb positive
strongsubj righteous adj positive
strongsubj righteously anypos positive
strongsubj righteousness noun positive
strongsubj rightful adj positive
strongsubj rightfully adverb positive
strongsubj rightly anypos positive
strongsubj rightness adj positive
strongsubj rightness noun positive
weaksubj rights adj positive
weaksubj rights noun positive
weaksubj rigid adj negative
weaksubj rigor noun negative
weaksubj rigorous adj negative
strongsubj rile verb negative
strongsubj riled anypos negative
weaksubj ripe adj positive
weaksubj risk adj negative
weaksubj risk noun negative
weaksubj risk-free adj positive
weaksubj risky adj negative
weaksubj rival noun negative
weaksubj rival verb negative
weaksubj rivalry noun negative
strongsubj roadblocks adj negative
strongsubj roadblocks noun negative
weaksubj robust adj positive
weaksubj rocky adj negative
strongsubj rogue adj negative
strongsubj rogue noun negative
strongsubj rollercoaster adj negative
strongsubj rollercoaster noun negative
strongsubj romantic anypos positive
strongsubj romantically anypos positive
strongsubj romanticize verb positive
strongsubj rosy adj positive
weaksubj rot noun negative
weaksubj rot verb negative
strongsubj rotten adj negative
weaksubj rough adj negative
strongsubj rousing adj positive
strongsubj rubbish noun negative
strongsubj rude adj negative
strongsubj rue adj negative
strongsubj rue verb negative
strongsubj ruffian noun negative
weaksubj ruffle verb negative
weaksubj ruin adj negative
weaksubj ruin noun negative
weaksubj ruin verb negative
weaksubj ruinous adj negative
strongsubj rumbling adj negative
strongsubj rumbling noun negative
strongsubj rumor adj negative
strongsubj rumor noun negative
strongsubj rumors adj negative
strongsubj rumors noun negative
strongsubj rumours adj negative
strongsubj rumours noun negative
strongsubj rumple verb negative
strongsubj run-down adj negative
strongsubj runaway verb negative
weaksubj rupture noun negative
weaksubj rupture verb negative
strongsubj rusty adj negative
strongsubj ruthless adj negative
strongsubj ruthlessly anypos negative
strongsubj ruthlessness noun negative
strongsubj sabotage verb negative
strongsubj sacred adj positive
strongsubj sacrifice adj negative
strongsubj sacrifice noun negative
strongsubj sad adj negative
strongsubj sad anypos negative
strongsubj sadden verb negative
strongsubj sadly anypos negative
strongsubj sadness noun negative
weaksubj safe adj positive
strongsubj safeguard verb positive
weaksubj sag verb negative
strongsubj sagacity noun positive
strongsubj sage adj positive
strongsubj sagely adverb positive
strongsubj saint noun positive
strongsubj saintliness noun positive
strongsubj saintly adj positive
weaksubj salable adj positive
strongsubj salacious adj negative
weaksubj salivate verb positive
strongsubj salutary adj positive
strongsubj salute verb positive
strongsubj salvation noun positive
strongsubj sanctimonious adj negative
strongsubj sanctimonious noun negative
strongsubj sanctify verb positive
strongsubj sanction verb positive
strongsubj sanctity noun positive
strongsubj sanctuary adj positive
strongsubj sanctuary noun positive
strongsubj sanguine adj positive
strongsubj sane adj positive
strongsubj sanity adj positive
strongsubj sanity noun positive
strongsubj sap verb negative
strongsubj sarcasm noun negative
strongsubj sarcastic adj negative
strongsubj sarcastically adverb negative
strongsubj sardonic adj negative
strongsubj sardonically adverb negative
strongsubj sass noun negative
strongsubj sass verb negative
strongsubj satirical adj negative
strongsubj satirize verb negative
strongsubj satisfaction adj positive
strongsubj satisfaction noun positive
strongsubj satisfactorily adverb positive
strongsubj satisfactory adj positive
weaksubj satisfy verb positive
weaksubj satisfying adj positive
strongsubj savage adj negative
strongsubj savage noun negative
strongsubj savage verb negative
strongsubj savaged adj negative
strongsubj savagely anypos negative
strongsubj savagery noun negative
strongsubj savages noun negative
weaksubj savor verb positive
strongsubj savvy adj positive
weaksubj scandal adj negative
weaksubj scandal noun negative
strongsubj scandalize verb negative
strongsubj scandalized adj negative
strongsubj scandalous anypos negative
strongsubj scandalously anypos negative
strongsubj scandals noun negative
weaksubj scant adj negative
strongsubj scapegoat noun negative
strongsubj scar noun negative
strongsubj scar verb negative
strongsubj scarred adj negative
weaksubj scarce adj negative
strongsubj scarcely anypos negative
weaksubj scarcity noun negative
strongsubj scare verb negative
strongsubj scared adj negative
strongsubj scarier adj negative
strongsubj scariest adj negative
strongsubj scarily anypos negative
strongsubj scars adj negative
strongsubj scars noun negative
strongsubj scary adj negative
strongsubj scary anypos negative
strongsubj scathing adj negative
strongsubj scathingly anypos negative
weaksubj scenic adj positive
weaksubj scheme noun negative
weaksubj scheme verb negative
strongsubj scheming anypos negative
weaksubj scholarly adj neutral
strongsubj scoff verb negative
strongsubj scoffingly anypos negative
strongsubj scold verb negative
strongsubj scolding noun negative
strongsubj scoldingly anypos negative
strongsubj scorching anypos negative
strongsubj scorchingly anypos negative
strongsubj scorn verb negative
strongsubj scornful anypos negative
strongsubj scornfully anypos negative
strongsubj scoundrel noun negative
strongsubj scourge noun negative
strongsubj scowl noun negative
strongsubj scowl verb negative
strongsubj scream verb negative
strongsubj screaming adj neutral
strongsubj screamingly adverb neutral
strongsubj screech noun negative
strongsubj screech verb negative
weaksubj screw verb negative
strongsubj scruples noun positive
strongsubj scrupulous adj positive
strongsubj scrupulously anypos positive
strongsubj scrutinize verb neutral
strongsubj scrutiny adj neutral
strongsubj scrutiny noun neutral
strongsubj scum noun negative
strongsubj scummy adj negative
strongsubj seamless adj positive
weaksubj seasoned adj positive
strongsubj second-class adj negative
weaksubj second-tier adj negative
weaksubj secretive adj negative
weaksubj secretive noun negative
weaksubj secure adj positive
weaksubj securely adverb positive
weaksubj security adj positive
weaksubj security noun positive
weaksubj sedentary adj negative
strongsubj seductive adj positive
strongsubj seedy adj negative
weaksubj seem anypos neutral
strongsubj seemingly anypos neutral
strongsubj seethe verb negative
strongsubj seething adj negative
weaksubj selective adj positive
strongsubj self-coup adj negative
strongsubj self-coup noun negative
strongsubj self-criticism adj negative
strongsubj self-criticism noun negative
weaksubj self-defeating adj negative
strongsubj self-destructive adj negative
strongsubj self-determination adj positive
strongsubj self-determination noun positive
weaksubj self-examination adj neutral
weaksubj self-examination noun neutral
strongsubj self-humiliation adj negative
strongsubj self-humiliation noun negative
strongsubj self-interest adj negative
strongsubj self-interest noun negative
strongsubj self-interested anypos negative
strongsubj self-respect noun positive
strongsubj self-satisfaction adj positive
strongsubj self-satisfaction noun positive
strongsubj self-serving adj negative
strongsubj self-serving noun negative
weaksubj self-sufficiency adj positive
weaksubj self-sufficiency noun positive
weaksubj self-sufficient adj positive
strongsubj selfinterested anypos negative
strongsubj selfish anypos negative
strongsubj selfishly anypos negative
strongsubj selfishness noun negative
weaksubj semblance noun positive
strongsubj senile adj negative
strongsubj sensation adj positive
strongsubj sensation noun positive
strongsubj sensational anypos positive
strongsubj sensationalize anypos negative
strongsubj sensationally anypos positive
strongsubj sensations adj positive
strongsubj sensations noun positive
weaksubj sense adj positive
weaksubj sense verb positive
weaksubj sense noun positive
strongsubj senseless adj negative
strongsubj senselessly anypos negative
strongsubj sensible anypos positive
strongsubj sensibly anypos positive
weaksubj sensitive adj positive
weaksubj sensitive noun positive
strongsubj sensitively anypos positive
strongsubj sensitivity adj positive
strongsubj sensitivity noun positive
strongsubj sentiment adj positive
strongsubj sentiment noun positive
strongsubj sentimentality anypos positive
strongsubj sentimentally anypos positive
strongsubj sentiments anypos positive
strongsubj serene adj positive
strongsubj serenity noun positive
strongsubj serious anypos negative
strongsubj seriously anypos negative
strongsubj seriousness noun negative
strongsubj sermonize verb negative
strongsubj servitude noun negative
weaksubj settle adj positive
strongsubj set-up adj negative
strongsubj set-up noun negative
weaksubj sever adj negative
weaksubj severe adj negative
strongsubj severe anypos negative
strongsubj severely anypos negative
strongsubj severity noun negative
strongsubj sexy adj positive
strongsubj shabby adj negative
strongsubj shadow verb negative
weaksubj shadowy adj negative
strongsubj shady adj negative
weaksubj shake verb negative
weaksubj shaky adj negative
weaksubj shallow adj negative
strongsubj sham adj negative
strongsubj shambles adj negative
strongsubj shame noun negative
strongsubj shame verb negative
strongsubj shameful adj negative
strongsubj shameful noun negative
strongsubj shamefully anypos negative
strongsubj shamefully noun negative
strongsubj shamefulness noun negative
strongsubj shameless adj negative
strongsubj shamelessly anypos negative
strongsubj shamelessness noun negative
strongsubj shark noun negative
weaksubj sharp adj negative
weaksubj sharply adverb negative
strongsubj shatter verb negative
strongsubj sheer adj negative
weaksubj shelter noun positive
weaksubj shelter verb positive
weaksubj shield verb positive
strongsubj shimmer anypos positive
strongsubj shimmering anypos positive
strongsubj shimmeringly anypos positive
weaksubj shine anypos positive
weaksubj shiny adj positive
strongsubj shiny anypos positive
strongsubj shirk verb negative
strongsubj shirker anypos negative
weaksubj shipwreck noun negative
strongsubj shiver verb negative
strongsubj shock adj negative
strongsubj shock noun negative
strongsubj shock verb negative
strongsubj shocking adj negative
strongsubj shockingly anypos negative
strongsubj shoddy adj negative
weaksubj short-lived adj negative
weaksubj shortage noun negative
strongsubj shortchange verb negative
strongsubj shortcoming noun negative
strongsubj shortcomings noun negative
strongsubj shortsighted anypos negative
strongsubj shortsightedness anypos negative
weaksubj should anypos neutral
weaksubj show anypos neutral
weaksubj showdown adj negative
weaksubj showdown noun negative
weaksubj shred noun negative
weaksubj shred verb negative
strongsubj shrew noun negative
strongsubj shrewd adj positive
strongsubj shrewdly adverb positive
strongsubj shrewdness noun positive
strongsubj shriek verb negative
strongsubj shrill adj negative
strongsubj shrill noun negative
strongsubj shrilly anypos negative
strongsubj shrivel verb negative
strongsubj shroud verb negative
strongsubj shrouded verb negative
weaksubj shrug noun negative
weaksubj shrug verb negative
strongsubj shun verb negative
strongsubj shunned adj negative
strongsubj shy adj negative
strongsubj shyly adverb negative
strongsubj shyness noun negative
weaksubj sick adj negative
weaksubj sicken verb negative
strongsubj sickly adverb negative
strongsubj sickening adj negative
strongsubj sickening anypos negative
strongsubj sickeningly anypos negative
weaksubj sickness noun negative
strongsubj sidetrack verb negative
strongsubj sidetracked adj negative
weaksubj siege noun negative
weaksubj signals adj neutral
weaksubj signals noun neutral
weaksubj significant adj positive
weaksubj significance noun positive
weaksubj signify verb positive
strongsubj sillily anypos negative
strongsubj silly anypos negative
strongsubj simmer verb negative
weaksubj simple adj positive
strongsubj simplicity noun positive
weaksubj simplified adj positive
weaksubj simplify verb positive
strongsubj simplistic adj negative
strongsubj simplistic noun negative
strongsubj simplistically anypos negative
weaksubj simply anypos neutral
strongsubj sin adj negative
strongsubj sin noun negative
strongsubj sinful adj negative
strongsubj sinfully adverb negative
strongsubj sincere adj positive
strongsubj sincerely anypos positive
weaksubj sincerity adj positive
weaksubj sincerity noun positive
strongsubj sinister adj negative
strongsubj sinisterly anypos negative
weaksubj sinking adj negative
weaksubj sinking noun negative
strongsubj skeletons adj negative
strongsubj skeletons noun negative
strongsubj skeptical adj negative
strongsubj skeptical noun negative
strongsubj skeptically anypos negative
strongsubj skepticism adj negative
strongsubj skepticism noun negative
weaksubj sketchy adj negative
weaksubj skill noun positive
weaksubj skilled adj positive
strongsubj skillful adj positive
strongsubj skillful noun positive
strongsubj skillfully adverb positive
weaksubj skimpy adj negative
strongsubj skittish adj negative
strongsubj skittish anypos negative
strongsubj skittishly anypos negative
strongsubj skulk verb negative
weaksubj skyrocketing adj negative
weaksubj slack adj negative
strongsubj slander noun negative
strongsubj slander verb negative
strongsubj slanderer noun negative
strongsubj slanderous adj negative
strongsubj slanderously anypos negative
strongsubj slanders adj negative
strongsubj slanders noun negative
strongsubj slap verb negative
strongsubj slashing adj negative
strongsubj slashing noun negative
weaksubj slaughter adj negative
weaksubj slaughter noun negative
weaksubj slaughter verb negative
weaksubj slaughtered adj negative
strongsubj slaves adj negative
strongsubj slaves noun negative
strongsubj sleazy adj negative
weaksubj sleek adj positive
weaksubj sleepy adj neutral
weaksubj slender adj positive
weaksubj slight adj negative
weaksubj slight noun negative
weaksubj slight verb negative
weaksubj slightly adverb negative
weaksubj slim adj positive
weaksubj slim noun positive
strongsubj slime noun negative
strongsubj sloppy adj negative
strongsubj sloppily adverb negative
strongsubj sloth noun negative
strongsubj slothful adj negative
weaksubj slow adj negative
weaksubj slowly adverb negative
weaksubj slow-moving adj negative
weaksubj slug noun negative
weaksubj sluggish adj negative
weaksubj slump adj negative
weaksubj slump noun negative
strongsubj slur noun negative
strongsubj sly adj negative
strongsubj smack adj negative
strongsubj smack noun negative
strongsubj smart adj positive
strongsubj smart verb positive
strongsubj smarter adj positive
strongsubj smartest anypos positive
strongsubj smartly anypos positive
weaksubj smash noun negative
weaksubj smash verb negative
weaksubj smear verb negative
weaksubj smelling anypos negative
strongsubj smile noun positive
strongsubj smile verb positive
strongsubj smiling adj positive
strongsubj smilingly adverb positive
strongsubj smitten verb positive
strongsubj smokescreen adj negative
strongsubj smokescreen noun negative
strongsubj smolder verb negative
strongsubj smoldering adj negative
weaksubj smooth adj positive
strongsubj smother verb negative
strongsubj smoulder verb negative
strongsubj smouldering anypos negative
strongsubj smug adj negative
strongsubj smugly adverb negative
strongsubj smut noun negative
strongsubj smuttier adj negative
strongsubj smuttiest adj negative
strongsubj smutty adj negative
weaksubj snare noun negative
weaksubj snarl noun negative
weaksubj snarl verb negative
weaksubj snatch verb negative
weaksubj sneak noun negative
weaksubj sneak verb negative
weaksubj sneakily adverb negative
weaksubj sneaky adj negative
strongsubj sneer noun negative
strongsubj sneer verb negative
strongsubj sneering anypos negative
strongsubj sneeringly anypos negative
strongsubj snub verb negative
weaksubj so anypos neutral
strongsubj so-cal adj negative
strongsubj so-called anypos negative
strongsubj sob verb negative
strongsubj sober adj negative
weaksubj sober verb negative
strongsubj sobering adj negative
strongsubj sociable adj positive
weaksubj soft-spoken adj positive
strongsubj soften adj positive
strongsubj soften noun positive
strongsubj soften verb positive
strongsubj solace verb positive
weaksubj solemn adj negative
weaksubj solemn noun negative
strongsubj solicitous anypos positive
strongsubj solicitously anypos positive
strongsubj solicitude noun positive
weaksubj solid adj positive
weaksubj solid noun positive
strongsubj solidarity adj positive
strongsubj solidarity noun positive
strongsubj soliloquize verb neutral
strongsubj somber adj negative
strongsubj soothe verb positive
strongsubj soothingly anypos positive
strongsubj sophisticated adj positive
strongsubj sore adj negative
strongsubj sore noun negative
strongsubj sorely anypos negative
weaksubj soreness noun negative
strongsubj sorrow noun negative
weaksubj sorrow verb negative
strongsubj sorrowful anypos negative
strongsubj sorrowfully anypos negative
strongsubj sorry adj negative
weaksubj sound adj positive
weaksubj sounding anypos negative
weaksubj soundness noun positive
weaksubj sour adj negative
weaksubj sourly adj negative
weaksubj sovereignty adj neutral
weaksubj sovereignty noun neutral
weaksubj spacious adj positive
strongsubj spade adj negative
strongsubj spade noun negative
strongsubj spank verb negative
weaksubj spare verb positive
weaksubj sparing adj positive
weaksubj sparingly adverb positive
strongsubj sparkle anypos positive
weaksubj sparkling adj positive
weaksubj specific adj neutral
weaksubj specifically anypos neutral
weaksubj special adj positive
strongsubj spectacular adj positive
strongsubj spectacularly anypos positive
weaksubj speculate verb neutral
weaksubj speculation adj neutral
weaksubj speculation noun neutral
weaksubj speedy adj positive
strongsubj spellbind verb positive
strongsubj spellbinding anypos positive
strongsubj spellbindingly anypos positive
strongsubj spellbound verb positive
strongsubj spilling adj negative
strongsubj spilling noun negative
weaksubj spinster noun negative
weaksubj spirit adj positive
weaksubj spirit noun positive
weaksubj spirited adj positive
strongsubj spiritless adj negative
strongsubj spiritual adj positive
strongsubj spiritual noun positive
strongsubj spite noun negative
strongsubj spiteful adj negative
strongsubj spitefully anypos negative
strongsubj spitefulness noun negative
strongsubj splayed-finger adj neutral
strongsubj splayed-finger noun neutral
strongsubj splendid adj positive
strongsubj splendidly anypos positive
strongsubj splendor noun positive
weaksubj split noun negative
weaksubj split verb negative
weaksubj splitting adj negative
strongsubj spoil verb negative
strongsubj spook verb negative
strongsubj spookier adj negative
strongsubj spookiest adj negative
strongsubj spookily anypos negative
strongsubj spooky adj negative
strongsubj spooky anypos negative
strongsubj spoon-fed anypos negative
strongsubj spoon-feed verb negative
strongsubj spoonfed anypos negative
weaksubj sporadic adj negative
weaksubj spot adj negative
strongsubj spotless adj positive
weaksubj spotty adj negative
strongsubj sprightly adj positive
strongsubj spur verb positive
strongsubj spurious adj negative
strongsubj spurn verb negative
strongsubj sputter verb negative
strongsubj squabble verb negative
strongsubj squabbling anypos negative
strongsubj squander verb negative
strongsubj squarely adj positive
strongsubj squash verb negative
strongsubj squirm verb negative
weaksubj stab verb negative
weaksubj stability adj positive
weaksubj stability noun positive
weaksubj stabilize verb positive
weaksubj stable adj positive
weaksubj stable noun positive
weaksubj stagger verb negative
strongsubj staggering adj negative
strongsubj staggeringly anypos negative
weaksubj stagnant adj negative
strongsubj stagnate verb negative
strongsubj stagnation noun negative
strongsubj staid adj negative
weaksubj stain verb negative
weaksubj stainless adj positive
weaksubj stake adj negative
weaksubj stake noun negative
strongsubj stale adj negative
strongsubj stalemate noun negative
strongsubj stammer verb negative
weaksubj stampede adj negative
weaksubj stampede noun negative
weaksubj stance adj neutral
weaksubj stance noun neutral
weaksubj stances adj neutral
weaksubj stances noun neutral
weaksubj stand verb positive
weaksubj stands adj neutral
weaksubj stands noun neutral
strongsubj standstill noun negative
strongsubj star adj positive
strongsubj star noun positive
strongsubj stark adj negative
strongsubj starkly anypos negative
strongsubj stars adj positive
strongsubj stars noun positive
strongsubj startle verb negative
strongsubj startling anypos negative
strongsubj startlingly anypos negative
weaksubj starvation noun negative
weaksubj starve verb negative
strongsubj stately adj positive
weaksubj statements adj neutral
weaksubj statements noun neutral
weaksubj static adj negative
strongsubj statuesque adj positive
strongsubj staunch adj positive
strongsubj staunchly anypos positive
strongsubj staunchness noun positive
strongsubj steadfast adj positive
strongsubj steadfastly adverb positive
strongsubj steadfastness noun positive
weaksubj steadiness noun positive
weaksubj steady adj positive
weaksubj steal verb negative
weaksubj stealing noun negative
weaksubj steep adj negative
weaksubj steeply adverb negative
strongsubj stellar adj positive
strongsubj stellarly anypos positive
strongsubj stench anypos negative
strongsubj stereotype noun negative
strongsubj stereotypical anypos negative
strongsubj stereotypically anypos negative
strongsubj stern adj negative
strongsubj stern noun negative
strongsubj stew verb negative
weaksubj sticky adj negative
weaksubj stiff adj negative
strongsubj stifle verb negative
strongsubj stifling anypos negative
strongsubj stiflingly anypos negative
strongsubj stigma noun negative
strongsubj stigma verb negative
strongsubj stigmatize verb negative
weaksubj still anypos neutral
weaksubj stimulate verb positive
strongsubj stimulating anypos positive
weaksubj stimulative adj positive
strongsubj sting adj negative
weaksubj sting noun negative
weaksubj sting verb negative
strongsubj stinging adj negative
strongsubj stingingly adj negative
strongsubj stink noun negative
strongsubj stink verb negative
strongsubj stinking anypos negative
strongsubj stir adj neutral
strongsubj stir noun neutral
weaksubj stir verb neutral
strongsubj stirring adj positive
strongsubj stirringly anypos positive
strongsubj stodgy adj negative
weaksubj stole verb negative
weaksubj stolen adj negative
weaksubj stolen verb negative
weaksubj stood verb positive
strongsubj stooge anypos negative
strongsubj stooges adj negative
strongsubj stooges noun negative
weaksubj storm verb negative
weaksubj stormy adj negative
weaksubj straggle verb negative
weaksubj straggler noun negative
weaksubj straight adj positive
strongsubj straightforward adj positive
weaksubj strain noun negative
weaksubj strain verb negative
weaksubj strained adj negative
strongsubj strange adj negative
strongsubj strange anypos negative
strongsubj strangely anypos negative
strongsubj stranger anypos negative
strongsubj strangest anypos negative
weaksubj strangle verb negative
weaksubj streamlined adj positive
weaksubj strength adj neutral
weaksubj strength noun neutral
weaksubj strenuous adj negative
strongsubj stress noun negative
strongsubj stress verb negative
strongsubj stressful adj negative
strongsubj stressfully adverb negative
strongsubj stricken adj negative
strongsubj strict adj negative
strongsubj strictly adverb negative
strongsubj stride adj positive
strongsubj stride noun positive
strongsubj strident adj negative
strongsubj stridently adverb negative
weaksubj strides adj positive
weaksubj strides noun positive
strongsubj strife noun negative
weaksubj strike verb negative
strongsubj striking adj positive
strongsubj strikingly anypos positive
weaksubj stringent adj negative
weaksubj stringently adverb negative mpqapolarity=strongneg
strongsubj striving adj positive
strongsubj striving noun positive
weaksubj strong adj positive
weaksubj stronger-than-expected adj neutral
weaksubj struck verb negative
strongsubj struggle adj negative
strongsubj struggle noun negative
strongsubj strut verb negative
strongsubj stubborn adj negative
strongsubj stubbornly adverb negative
strongsubj stubbornness noun negative
strongsubj studious adj positive
strongsubj studiously adverb positive
weaksubj stuffed adj neutral
strongsubj stuffy adj negative
weaksubj stumble anypos negative
weaksubj stump verb negative
weaksubj stun verb negative
strongsubj stunned adj positive
strongsubj stunning adj positive
strongsubj stunningly anypos positive
weaksubj stunt noun negative
weaksubj stunted adj negative
weaksubj stupefy verb neutral
strongsubj stupendous adj positive
strongsubj stupendously anypos positive
strongsubj stupid anypos negative
strongsubj stupidity noun negative
strongsubj stupidly anypos negative
strongsubj stupified adj negative
strongsubj stupify verb negative
strongsubj stupor noun negative
weaksubj sturdy adj positive
strongsubj sty adj negative
strongsubj sty noun negative
strongsubj stylish adj positive
strongsubj stylishly adverb positive
strongsubj suave adj positive
weaksubj subdued adj negative
weaksubj subjected anypos negative
weaksubj subjection noun negative
strongsubj subjugate noun negative
strongsubj subjugate verb negative
strongsubj subjugation noun negative
strongsubj sublime adj positive
weaksubj submissive adj negative
weaksubj subordinate adj negative
weaksubj subordinate noun negative
weaksubj subscribe verb positive
strongsubj subservience noun negative
strongsubj subservient adj negative
weaksubj subside verb negative
weaksubj substandard adj negative
weaksubj substantial adj positive
weaksubj substantially adverb positive
weaksubj substantive adj positive
weaksubj subtle adj positive
weaksubj subtract verb negative
weaksubj subversion noun negative
weaksubj subversive adj negative
weaksubj subversively adverb negative
weaksubj subvert verb negative
weaksubj succeed verb positive
weaksubj success adj positive
weaksubj success noun positive
weaksubj successful adj positive
weaksubj successfully adverb positive
strongsubj succumb verb negative
weaksubj such anypos neutral
strongsubj sucker noun negative
weaksubj suffer verb negative
strongsubj sufferer noun negative
strongsubj sufferers adj negative
strongsubj sufferers noun negative
strongsubj suffering adj negative
strongsubj suffering noun negative
weaksubj suffice verb positive
weaksubj sufficient adj positive
weaksubj sufficiently adverb positive
strongsubj suffocate verb negative
strongsubj sugar-coat verb negative
strongsubj sugar-coated anypos negative
strongsubj sugarcoated anypos negative
weaksubj suggest anypos positive
weaksubj suggestions adj positive
weaksubj suggestions noun positive
weaksubj suicidal adj negative
weaksubj suicide noun negative
weaksubj suit verb positive
weaksubj suitable adj positive
strongsubj sulk verb negative
strongsubj sullen adj negative
strongsubj sully verb negative
strongsubj sumptuous adj positive
strongsubj sumptuously adverb positive
strongsubj sumptuousness noun positive
strongsubj sunder verb negative
weaksubj sunny adj positive
strongsubj super anypos positive
strongsubj superb anypos positive
strongsubj superbly anypos positive
strongsubj superficial adj negative
strongsubj superficial noun negative
strongsubj superficiality noun negative
strongsubj superficially adverb negative
strongsubj superfluous adj negative
weaksubj superior adj positive
strongsubj superiority adj negative
strongsubj superiority noun negative
strongsubj superlative adj positive
strongsubj superstition noun negative
strongsubj superstitious noun negative
strongsubj support adj positive
strongsubj support noun positive
weaksubj support verb positive
strongsubj supporter adj positive
strongsubj supporter noun positive
strongsubj supportive adj positive
strongsubj supportive noun positive
strongsubj suppose verb neutral
weaksubj supposed anypos negative
strongsubj supposing anypos neutral
weaksubj suppress verb negative
weaksubj suppression adj negative
weaksubj suppression noun negative
strongsubj supremacy adj negative
strongsubj supremacy noun negative
strongsubj supreme adj positive
strongsubj supremely adverb positive
strongsubj supurb adj positive
strongsubj supurbly anypos positive
strongsubj sure anypos positive
strongsubj surely anypos positive
strongsubj surge noun positive
strongsubj surging adj positive
strongsubj surmise verb positive
strongsubj surmount verb positive
strongsubj surpass verb positive
strongsubj surprise adj neutral
strongsubj surprise noun neutral
strongsubj surprise verb neutral
strongsubj surprising anypos neutral
strongsubj surprisingly anypos neutral
weaksubj surrender adj negative
weaksubj surrender noun negative
weaksubj survival noun positive
weaksubj survive verb positive
weaksubj survivor noun positive
weaksubj susceptible adj negative
weaksubj suspect adj negative
weaksubj suspect noun negative
weaksubj suspicion adj negative
weaksubj suspicion noun negative
strongsubj suspicions adj negative
strongsubj suspicions noun negative
strongsubj suspicious adj negative
strongsubj suspicious anypos negative
strongsubj suspicious anypos negative
strongsubj suspiciously anypos negative
weaksubj sustainability adj positive
weaksubj sustainability noun positive
weaksubj sustainable adj positive
weaksubj sustainable noun positive
weaksubj sustained adj positive
strongsubj swagger verb negative
strongsubj swamped anypos negative
strongsubj swear verb negative
strongsubj sweeping adj positive
weaksubj sweet adj positive
weaksubj sweeten verb positive
weaksubj sweetheart noun positive
weaksubj sweetly adverb positive
weaksubj sweetness noun positive
weaksubj swift adj positive
weaksubj swiftness noun positive
strongsubj swindle verb negative
weaksubj swing adj neutral
weaksubj swing noun neutral
strongsubj swipe adj negative
strongsubj swipe noun negative
weaksubj swoon verb negative
strongsubj swore verb negative
strongsubj sworn adj positive
strongsubj sympathetic adj negative
strongsubj sympathetic noun negative
strongsubj sympathetically anypos negative
strongsubj sympathies adj negative
strongsubj sympathies noun negative
strongsubj sympathize verb negative
strongsubj sympathy adj negative
strongsubj sympathy noun negative
weaksubj symptom noun negative
weaksubj syndrome adj negative
weaksubj syndrome noun negative
weaksubj systematic adj neutral
strongsubj taboo adj negative
strongsubj taboo noun negative
strongsubj tact noun positive
strongsubj taint verb negative
strongsubj tainted anypos negative
weaksubj tale adj neutral
weaksubj tale noun neutral
strongsubj talent adj positive
strongsubj talent noun positive
strongsubj talented adj positive
weaksubj tall adj neutral
weaksubj tamper verb negative
weaksubj tangled adj negative
weaksubj tantalize verb positive
strongsubj tantalizing anypos positive
strongsubj tantalizingly anypos positive
strongsubj tantamount anypos neutral
strongsubj tantrum noun negative
weaksubj tardy adj negative
weaksubj tarnish verb negative
weaksubj taste noun positive
weaksubj taste verb neutral
strongsubj tattered anypos negative
strongsubj taunt noun negative
strongsubj taunt verb negative
strongsubj taunting anypos negative
strongsubj tauntingly anypos negative
strongsubj taunts noun negative
strongsubj tawdry adj negative
weaksubj tease verb negative
strongsubj teasingly anypos negative
weaksubj taxing anypos negative
strongsubj tedious adj negative
strongsubj tediously adverb negative
strongsubj temerity noun negative
strongsubj temper noun negative
weaksubj temper verb negative
weaksubj temperance noun positive
weaksubj temperate adj positive
weaksubj tempest noun negative
strongsubj tempt verb positive
strongsubj temptation noun negative
strongsubj tempting anypos positive
strongsubj temptingly anypos positive
strongsubj tenacious adj positive
strongsubj tenaciously anypos positive
strongsubj tenacity noun positive
weaksubj tendency adj neutral
weaksubj tendency noun neutral
weaksubj tender adj positive
weaksubj tenderly adverb positive
weaksubj tenderness noun positive
weaksubj tense adj negative
weaksubj tension adj negative
weaksubj tension noun negative
weaksubj tentative adj negative
weaksubj tentatively adverb negative
weaksubj tenuous adj negative
weaksubj tenuously adverb negative
weaksubj tepid adj negative
strongsubj terrible adj negative
strongsubj terrible anypos negative
strongsubj terribleness noun negative
strongsubj terribly anypos negative
strongsubj terrific adj positive
strongsubj terrific anypos positive
strongsubj terrifically anypos positive
strongsubj terrified adj positive
strongsubj terrify verb positive
strongsubj terrifying adj positive
strongsubj terrifying anypos positive
strongsubj terrifyingly anypos positive
strongsubj terror noun negative
strongsubj terror-genic adj negative
strongsubj terror-genic noun negative
weaksubj terrorism noun negative
strongsubj terrorize verb negative
strongsubj thank verb positive
strongsubj thankful anypos positive
strongsubj thankfully anypos positive
strongsubj thankless anypos negative
strongsubj theoretize verb neutral
strongsubj therefore anypos neutral
strongsubj think verb neutral
strongsubj thinkable adj positive
strongsubj thinkable noun positive
strongsubj thinking adj neutral
strongsubj thinking noun neutral
strongsubj thirst noun negative
strongsubj thirst verb negative
strongsubj thorny adj negative
strongsubj thorny noun negative
weaksubj thorough adj positive
strongsubj though anypos neutral
weaksubj thought adj neutral
weaksubj thought noun neutral
strongsubj thoughtful adj positive
strongsubj thoughtfully adverb positive
strongsubj thoughtfulness noun positive
strongsubj thoughtless adj negative
strongsubj thoughtlessly anypos negative
strongsubj thoughtlessness noun negative
weaksubj thrash verb negative
weaksubj threat adj negative
weaksubj threat noun negative
weaksubj threaten verb negative
weaksubj threatening adj negative
weaksubj threatening noun negative
weaksubj threats adj negative
weaksubj threats noun negative
weaksubj thrift noun positive
weaksubj thrifty adj positive
strongsubj thrill noun positive
strongsubj thrill verb positive
strongsubj thrilling anypos positive
strongsubj thrillingly anypos positive
strongsubj thrills noun positive
weaksubj thrive verb positive
weaksubj thriving adj positive
strongsubj throttle verb negative
weaksubj throw verb negative
weaksubj thumb verb negative
weaksubj thumbs adj negative
weaksubj thumbs noun negative
strongsubj thus anypos neutral
strongsubj thusly anypos neutral
strongsubj thwart verb negative
weaksubj tickle verb positive
strongsubj tidy adj positive
strongsubj time-honored adj positive
weaksubj timely adj positive
strongsubj timid adj negative
strongsubj timidity noun negative
strongsubj timidly adverb negative
strongsubj timidness noun negative
strongsubj tingle verb positive
strongsubj tint verb neutral
weaksubj tiny adj negative
weaksubj tire verb negative
strongsubj tired adj negative
strongsubj tiresome adj negative
strongsubj tiring adj negative
strongsubj tiring noun negative
strongsubj tiringly anypos negative
weaksubj titillate verb positive
strongsubj titillating anypos positive
strongsubj titillatingly anypos positive
strongsubj toast verb positive
strongsubj togetherness noun positive
strongsubj toil verb negative
strongsubj tolerable adj positive
strongsubj tolerably adverb positive
strongsubj tolerance adj positive
strongsubj tolerance noun positive
weaksubj tolerant adj positive
strongsubj tolerantly anypos positive
weaksubj tolerate verb positive
weaksubj toleration noun positive
weaksubj toll adj negative
weaksubj toll noun negative
weaksubj too anypos negative
weaksubj top adj positive
weaksubj topple verb negative
strongsubj torment noun negative
strongsubj torment verb negative
strongsubj tormented adj negative
strongsubj torrent noun negative
strongsubj torrid anypos positive
strongsubj torridly anypos positive
weaksubj torture noun negative
weaksubj torture verb negative
weaksubj tortured adj negative
strongsubj tortuous adj negative
strongsubj torturous adj negative
strongsubj torturously anypos negative
weaksubj totalitarian adj negative
weaksubj tradition noun positive
weaksubj traditional adj positive
weaksubj touch verb neutral
strongsubj touches adj neutral
strongsubj touches noun neutral
strongsubj touchy adj negative
strongsubj toughness adj negative
strongsubj toughness noun negative
weaksubj toxic adj negative
strongsubj traduce verb negative
weaksubj tragedy adj negative
weaksubj tragedy noun negative
strongsubj tragic adj negative
strongsubj tragically anypos negative
strongsubj traitor noun negative
strongsubj traitorous adj negative
strongsubj traitorously adj negative
strongsubj traitorously anypos negative
strongsubj tramp noun negative
strongsubj trample verb negative
strongsubj tranquil adj positive
strongsubj tranquility adj positive
strongsubj tranquility noun positive
weaksubj transgress verb negative
weaksubj transgression noun negative
weaksubj transparency adj neutral
weaksubj transparency noun neutral
weaksubj transparent adj neutral
weaksubj transparent noun neutral
weaksubj transport verb neutral
strongsubj trauma adj negative
strongsubj trauma noun negative
strongsubj traumatic adj negative
strongsubj traumatic anypos negative
strongsubj traumatically anypos negative
strongsubj traumatize verb negative
strongsubj traumatized adj negative
strongsubj travesties noun negative
strongsubj travesty noun negative
strongsubj travesty verb negative
weaksubj treacherous adj negative
weaksubj treacherously adverb negative
strongsubj treachery noun negative
strongsubj treason noun negative
strongsubj treasonous adj negative
strongsubj treasure verb positive
weaksubj treat noun positive
strongsubj tremendous anypos positive
strongsubj tremendously anypos positive
strongsubj trendy adj positive
strongsubj trepidation noun positive
weaksubj trial noun negative
strongsubj tribute noun positive
strongsubj trick adj negative
strongsubj trick noun negative
strongsubj tricky adj negative
strongsubj tricky noun negative
strongsubj trickery noun negative
weaksubj trim adj positive
strongsubj triumph noun positive
strongsubj triumph verb positive
strongsubj triumphal adj positive
strongsubj triumphant adj positive
strongsubj triumphant verb positive
strongsubj triumphantly anypos positive
strongsubj trivial adj negative
strongsubj trivial noun negative
strongsubj trivialize verb negative
strongsubj trivially anypos negative
weaksubj trouble adj negative
strongsubj trouble anypos negative
weaksubj trouble noun negative
weaksubj trouble verb negative
strongsubj troublemaker adj negative
strongsubj troublemaker noun negative
strongsubj troublesome adj negative
strongsubj troublesome anypos negative
strongsubj troublesomely anypos negative
strongsubj troubling anypos negative
strongsubj troublingly anypos negative
weaksubj truant adj negative
strongsubj truculent adj positive
strongsubj truculently anypos positive
strongsubj true anypos positive
strongsubj truly anypos positive
strongsubj trump verb positive
strongsubj trumpet verb positive
weaksubj trust adj positive
weaksubj trust noun positive
weaksubj trust verb positive
strongsubj trusting anypos positive
strongsubj trustingly anypos positive
strongsubj trustworthiness noun positive
strongsubj trustworthy adj positive
strongsubj truth anypos positive
strongsubj truthful adj positive
strongsubj truthfully adverb positive
strongsubj truthfulness noun positive
weaksubj try verb negative
weaksubj trying adj negative
weaksubj tumultuous adj negative
weaksubj turbulent adj negative
strongsubj turmoil noun negative
strongsubj twinkly anypos positive
strongsubj twist noun negative
strongsubj twist verb negative
strongsubj twisted adj negative
weaksubj twists adj negative
weaksubj twists noun negative
strongsubj tyrannical adj negative
strongsubj tyrannically anypos negative
strongsubj tyranny noun negative
strongsubj tyrant noun negative
strongsubj ugh anypos negative
strongsubj ugliness adj negative
strongsubj ugliness noun negative
strongsubj ugly adj negative
strongsubj ulterior adj negative
strongsubj ultimate anypos positive
strongsubj ultimately anypos positive
strongsubj ultimatum noun negative
strongsubj ultimatums adj negative
strongsubj ultimatums noun negative
strongsubj ultra adj positive
strongsubj ultra-hardline adj negative
strongsubj ultra-hardline noun negative
strongsubj unabashed adj positive
strongsubj unabashedly anypos positive
weaksubj unable adj negative
strongsubj unacceptable adj negative
strongsubj unacceptablely anypos negative
weaksubj unaccustomed adj negative
strongsubj unanimous adj positive
strongsubj unassailable adj positive
strongsubj unassailable noun positive
strongsubj unattractive adj negative
weaksubj unaudited adj neutral
weaksubj unauthentic adj negative
weaksubj unavailable adj negative
weaksubj unavoidable adj negative
weaksubj unavoidably adverb negative
weaksubj unbiased adj positive
strongsubj unbearable adj negative
strongsubj unbearablely adverb negative
strongsubj unbelievable anypos negative
strongsubj unbelievably anypos negative
strongsubj unbosom verb positive
weaksubj unbound adj positive
weaksubj unbroken adj positive
weaksubj uncertain adj negative
strongsubj uncivil adj negative
strongsubj uncivilized adj negative
strongsubj uncivilized noun negative
strongsubj unclean adj negative
weaksubj unclear adj negative
weaksubj uncollectible adj negative
weaksubj uncomfortable adj negative
strongsubj uncommon adj positive
strongsubj uncommonly anypos positive
weaksubj uncompetitive adj negative
strongsubj uncompromising adj negative
strongsubj uncompromisingly anypos negative
strongsubj unconcerned adj positive
weaksubj unconditional adj positive
weaksubj unconfirmed adj negative
weaksubj unconstitutional adj negative
weaksubj uncontrolled adj negative
weaksubj unconventional adj positive
strongsubj unconvincing adj negative
strongsubj unconvincingly anypos negative
strongsubj uncouth adj negative
strongsubj undaunted adj positive
weaksubj undecided adj negative
weaksubj undefined adj negative
strongsubj undependability noun negative
strongsubj undependable adj negative
strongsubj underdog adj negative
strongsubj underdog noun negative
strongsubj underestimate verb negative
strongsubj underlings adj negative
strongsubj underlings noun negative
strongsubj undermine verb negative
weaksubj underpaid adj negative
strongsubj understand verb positive
strongsubj understandable adj positive
weaksubj understanding adj positive
weaksubj understanding noun positive
strongsubj understood verb positive
strongsubj understate verb positive
strongsubj understated anypos positive
strongsubj understatedly anypos positive
strongsubj undesirable adj negative
weaksubj undetermined adj negative
weaksubj undid verb negative
strongsubj undignified adj negative
strongsubj undisputable anypos positive
strongsubj undisputably anypos positive
weaksubj undisputed adj positive
weaksubj undo verb negative
weaksubj undocumented adj negative
weaksubj undone verb negative
strongsubj undoubted adj positive
strongsubj undoubtedly adverb positive
strongsubj undue adj negative
strongsubj unease adj negative
strongsubj unease noun negative
strongsubj uneasily anypos negative
strongsubj uneasiness adj negative
strongsubj uneasiness noun negative
strongsubj uneasy adj negative
weaksubj uneconomical adj negative
weaksubj unencumbered adj positive
strongsubj unequal anypos negative
strongsubj unequivocal anypos positive
strongsubj unequivocal anypos positive
strongsubj unequivocally anypos positive
strongsubj unethical adj negative
weaksubj uneven adj negative
weaksubj uneventful adj negative
weaksubj unexpected adj negative
strongsubj unexpectedly anypos negative
weaksubj unexplained adj negative
strongsubj unfair adj negative
strongsubj unfairly adverb negative
strongsubj unfaithful adj negative
strongsubj unfaithfully adverb negative
weaksubj unfamiliar anypos negative
strongsubj unfavorable anypos negative
strongsubj unfazed anypos positive
strongsubj unfeeling adj negative
strongsubj unfettered adj positive
weaksubj unfinished adj negative
strongsubj unfit adj negative
weaksubj unforeseen adj negative
strongsubj unforgettable adj positive
strongsubj unfortunate anypos negative
strongsubj unfortunately anypos negative
strongsubj unfounded adj negative
strongsubj unfriendly adj negative
weaksubj unfulfilled adj negative
weaksubj unfunded adj negative
strongsubj ungrateful adj negative
strongsubj ungovernable adj negative
strongsubj ungovernable noun negative
strongsubj unhappily adverb negative
strongsubj unhappiness noun negative
strongsubj unhappy adj negative
weaksubj unhealthy adj negative
weaksubj uniform adj positive
weaksubj uniformly adverb positive
strongsubj unilateralism adj negative
strongsubj unilateralism noun negative
strongsubj unimaginable adj negative
strongsubj unimaginably anypos negative
strongsubj unimportant adj negative
weaksubj uninformed adj negative
weaksubj uninsured adj negative
strongsubj unipolar adj negative
strongsubj unipolar noun negative
weaksubj unique adj positive
weaksubj unity adj positive
weaksubj unity noun positive
weaksubj universal adj positive
strongsubj unjust adj negative
strongsubj unjustifiable adj negative
strongsubj unjustifiably anypos negative
weaksubj unjustified adj negative
strongsubj unjustly anypos negative
strongsubj unkind adj negative
strongsubj unkindly adverb negative
strongsubj unlamentable anypos negative
strongsubj unlamentably anypos negative
weaksubj unlawful adj negative
weaksubj unlawfully adverb negative
weaksubj unlawfulness adj negative
weaksubj unlawfulness noun negative
strongsubj unleash verb negative
weaksubj unlicensed adj negative
weaksubj unlikely anypos negative
weaksubj unlimited adj positive
strongsubj unlucky adj negative
weaksubj unmoved adj negative
weaksubj unnatural anypos negative
strongsubj unnaturally anypos negative
weaksubj unnecessary adj negative
weaksubj unneeded adj negative
strongsubj unnerve verb negative
strongsubj unnerved adj negative
strongsubj unnerving anypos negative
strongsubj unnervingly anypos negative
weaksubj unnoticed adj negative
weaksubj unobserved adj negative
strongsubj unorthodox adj negative
strongsubj unorthodoxy noun negative
strongsubj unparalleled adj positive
strongsubj unpleasant adj negative
strongsubj unpleasantries adj negative
strongsubj unpleasantries noun negative
strongsubj unpopular adj negative
strongsubj unprecedent adj negative
strongsubj unprecedented anypos negative
weaksubj unpredictable adj negative
weaksubj unprepared adj negative
strongsubj unpretentious adj positive
weaksubj unproductive adj negative
weaksubj unprofitable adj negative
strongsubj unqualified adj negative
strongsubj unquestionable anypos positive
strongsubj unquestionably anypos positive
strongsubj unravel adj negative
strongsubj unravel noun negative
weaksubj unraveled adj negative
strongsubj unrealistic adj negative
strongsubj unreasonable adj negative
weaksubj unreasonable anypos negative
strongsubj unreasonably anypos negative
strongsubj unrelenting adj negative
strongsubj unrelenting anypos negative
strongsubj unrelentingly anypos negative
strongsubj unreliability adj negative
strongsubj unreliability noun negative
strongsubj unreliable adj negative
weaksubj unresolved adj negative
strongsubj unrest noun negative
weaksubj unrestricted adj positive
strongsubj unruly adj negative
weaksubj unsafe adj negative
weaksubj unsatisfactory adj negative
strongsubj unsavory adj negative
weaksubj unscathed adj positive
strongsubj unscrupulous adj negative
strongsubj unscrupulously anypos negative
strongsubj unseemly anypos negative
strongsubj unselfish adj positive
strongsubj unsettle verb negative
weaksubj unsettled adj negative
strongsubj unsettling anypos negative
strongsubj unsettlingly anypos negative
weaksubj unskilled adj negative
strongsubj unsophisticated adj negative
strongsubj unsound adj negative
strongsubj unspeakable adj negative
strongsubj unspeakablely adverb negative
weaksubj unspecified adj negative
weaksubj unstable adj negative
weaksubj unsteadily adverb negative
weaksubj unsteadiness noun negative
weaksubj unsteady adj negative
weaksubj unsuccessful adj negative
weaksubj unsuccessfully adverb negative
weaksubj unsupported adj negative
weaksubj unsure adj negative
strongsubj unsuspecting adj negative
weaksubj unsustainable adj negative
strongsubj untenable adj negative
weaksubj untested adj negative
strongsubj unthinkable adj negative
strongsubj unthinkably anypos negative
strongsubj untimely adj negative
weaksubj untouched adj positive
weaksubj untrained adj positive
strongsubj untrue anypos negative
strongsubj untrustworthy adj negative
strongsubj untruthful adj negative
weaksubj unusual anypos negative
strongsubj unusually anypos negative
strongsubj unwanted adj negative
strongsubj unwarranted adj negative
strongsubj unwelcome anypos negative
strongsubj unwieldy adj negative
strongsubj unwilling adj negative
strongsubj unwillingly adverb negative
strongsubj unwillingness noun negative
strongsubj unwise adj negative
strongsubj unwisely adverb negative
strongsubj unworkable adj negative
strongsubj unworthy adj negative
strongsubj unyielding adj negative
strongsubj upbeat adj positive
strongsubj upbraid verb negative
weaksubj upfront adj positive
weaksubj upgrade verb positive
strongsubj upheaval noun negative
strongsubj upheld verb positive
strongsubj uphold verb positive
weaksubj uplift verb positive
strongsubj uplifting anypos positive
strongsubj upliftingly anypos positive
strongsubj upliftment adj positive
strongsubj upliftment noun positive
weaksubj upright adj positive
weaksubj uprising noun negative
strongsubj uproar noun negative
strongsubj uproarious anypos negative
strongsubj uproariously anypos negative
strongsubj uproarous adj negative
strongsubj uproarously anypos negative
weaksubj uproot verb negative
weaksubj upscale adj positive
weaksubj upset adj negative
weaksubj upset verb negative
strongsubj upsetting adj negative
strongsubj upsetting anypos negative
strongsubj upsettingly anypos negative
strongsubj upside adj positive
strongsubj upside noun positive
weaksubj upward adj positive
strongsubj urge verb positive
strongsubj urgency adj negative
strongsubj urgency noun negative
weaksubj urgent adj negative
weaksubj urgent noun negative
weaksubj urgently adverb negative
weaksubj usable adj positive
weaksubj useful adj positive
weaksubj usefulness noun positive
weaksubj useless adj negative
strongsubj usurp verb negative
strongsubj usurper noun negative
weaksubj utilitarian adj positive
strongsubj utmost adj positive
strongsubj utter adj negative
strongsubj utterances adj neutral
strongsubj utterances noun neutral
strongsubj utterly anypos negative
strongsubj uttermost adj positive
strongsubj vagrant noun negative
weaksubj vague adj negative
weaksubj vague noun negative
weaksubj vagueness noun negative
strongsubj vain adj negative
strongsubj vainly adj negative
strongsubj valiant adj positive
strongsubj valiantly anypos positive
weaksubj valid adj positive
weaksubj validity noun positive
strongsubj valor noun positive
weaksubj valuable adj positive
strongsubj valuable anypos positive
weaksubj value verb positive
weaksubj values adj positive
weaksubj values noun positive
weaksubj vanish verb negative
weaksubj vanity noun negative
strongsubj vanquish verb positive
weaksubj vast adj positive
weaksubj vastly adverb positive
weaksubj vastness adverb positive
strongsubj vehement anypos negative
strongsubj vehemently anypos negative
strongsubj venerable adj positive
strongsubj venerably adverb positive
weaksubj venerate verb positive
strongsubj vengeance noun negative
strongsubj vengeful anypos negative
strongsubj vengefully anypos negative
strongsubj vengefulness noun negative
strongsubj venom adj negative
strongsubj venom noun negative
strongsubj venomous adj negative
strongsubj venomously anypos negative
strongsubj vent adj negative
strongsubj vent noun negative
weaksubj verifiable adj positive
strongsubj veritable adj positive
weaksubj versatile adj positive
weaksubj versatility noun positive
weaksubj very anypos neutral
strongsubj vestiges adj negative
strongsubj vestiges noun negative
strongsubj veto adj negative
strongsubj veto noun negative
strongsubj vex anypos negative
strongsubj vex verb negative
strongsubj vexation noun negative
strongsubj vexing anypos negative
strongsubj vexingly anypos negative
weaksubj viable adj positive
weaksubj viability noun positive
strongsubj vibrant adj positive
strongsubj vibrantly anypos positive
strongsubj vice noun negative
strongsubj vicious adj negative
strongsubj viciously anypos negative
strongsubj viciousness noun negative
strongsubj victimize verb negative
weaksubj victorious adj positive
weaksubj victory adj positive
weaksubj victory noun positive
strongsubj vie verb negative
strongsubj view adj neutral
strongsubj view noun neutral
strongsubj view verb neutral
strongsubj viewpoints adj neutral
strongsubj viewpoints noun neutral
strongsubj views adj neutral
strongsubj views noun neutral
weaksubj vigilance noun positive
weaksubj vigilant adj positive
weaksubj vigilant noun positive
weaksubj vigorous adj positive
weaksubj vigorously adverb positive
strongsubj vile adj negative
strongsubj vileness noun negative
strongsubj vilify verb negative
strongsubj villainous anypos negative
strongsubj villainously anypos negative
strongsubj villains adj negative
strongsubj villains noun negative
strongsubj villian noun negative
strongsubj villianous adj negative
strongsubj villianously anypos negative
strongsubj villify verb negative
strongsubj vindicate verb positive
strongsubj vindictive anypos negative
strongsubj vindictively anypos negative
strongsubj vindictiveness noun negative
weaksubj vintage adj positive
strongsubj violate verb negative
weaksubj violation noun negative
strongsubj violator adj negative
strongsubj violator noun negative
weaksubj violent adj negative
weaksubj violently adverb negative
weaksubj viper noun negative
strongsubj virtue noun positive
strongsubj virtuous adj positive
strongsubj virtuously adverb positive
strongsubj virulence noun negative
strongsubj virulent adj negative
strongsubj virulently anypos negative
strongsubj virus adj negative
strongsubj virus noun negative
strongsubj visionary adj positive
strongsubj vital adj positive
strongsubj vitality adj positive
strongsubj vitality noun positive
strongsubj vivacious adj positive
strongsubj vivid adj positive
weaksubj vocal adj neutral
weaksubj vocal noun neutral
weaksubj vocally adverb negative
strongsubj vociferous adj negative
strongsubj vociferously anypos negative
weaksubj void noun negative
weaksubj volatile adj negative
weaksubj volatility noun negative
weaksubj voluntarily adverb positive
weaksubj voluntary adj positive
weaksubj vomit noun negative
weaksubj vomit verb negative
strongsubj vouch verb positive
strongsubj vouchsafe verb positive
strongsubj vow verb positive
strongsubj vulgar adj negative
strongsubj vulnerable adj positive
strongsubj vulnerable noun positive
strongsubj wail verb negative
weaksubj wallow verb negative
weaksubj wane verb negative
strongsubj waning adj negative
strongsubj waning noun negative
strongsubj want verb positive
strongsubj wanton adj negative
weaksubj war adj negative
weaksubj war noun negative
strongsubj war-like adj negative
strongsubj war-like noun negative
weaksubj warfare noun negative
strongsubj warlike adj negative
weaksubj warm adj positive
strongsubj warmhearted adj positive
strongsubj warmly adverb positive
weaksubj warmth noun positive
weaksubj warning adj negative
weaksubj warning noun negative
weaksubj warp verb negative
weaksubj warped adj negative
strongsubj wary adj negative
strongsubj warily adverb negative
strongsubj wariness noun negative
weaksubj waste noun negative
weaksubj waste verb negative
weaksubj wasteful adj negative
weaksubj wastefulness noun negative
strongsubj watchdog adj negative
strongsubj watchdog noun negative
strongsubj wayward adj negative
weaksubj weak adj negative
strongsubj weaken verb negative
strongsubj weakening adj negative
strongsubj weakening noun negative
strongsubj weakness adj negative
strongsubj weakness noun negative
strongsubj weaknesses adj negative
strongsubj weaknesses noun negative
weaksubj wealthy adj positive
strongsubj weariness noun negative
strongsubj wearisome adj negative
strongsubj weary adj negative
strongsubj weary noun negative
weaksubj weary verb negative
weaksubj wedge adj negative
weaksubj wedge noun negative
strongsubj wee adj negative
weaksubj weed noun negative
weaksubj weep verb negative
strongsubj weird adj negative
strongsubj weird noun negative
strongsubj weirdly adverb negative
strongsubj welcome adj positive
weaksubj welcome anypos positive
strongsubj welcome noun positive
strongsubj welcome verb positive
weaksubj welfare adj positive
weaksubj welfare noun positive
weaksubj well adj positive
weaksubj well adverb positive
strongsubj well-being adj positive
strongsubj well-being noun positive
strongsubj well-connected adj positive
weaksubj well-educated adj positive
weaksubj well-established adj positive
strongsubj well-informed adj positive
strongsubj well-intentioned adj positive
strongsubj well-managed adj positive
weaksubj well-positioned adj positive
weaksubj well-publicized adj positive
strongsubj well-received adj positive
strongsubj well-regarded adj positive
strongsubj well-run adj positive
strongsubj well-wishers adj positive
strongsubj well-wishers noun positive
strongsubj wellbeing adj positive
strongsubj wellbeing noun positive
weaksubj whatever anypos negative
strongsubj wheedle verb negative
weaksubj whiff adj neutral
weaksubj whiff noun neutral
strongsubj whimper verb negative
strongsubj whimsical adj positive
strongsubj whine anypos negative
strongsubj whine verb negative
strongsubj whips adj negative
strongsubj whips noun negative
weaksubj white adj positive
strongsubj wholeheartedly anypos positive
strongsubj wholesome adj positive
strongsubj wicked adj negative
strongsubj wickedly anypos negative
strongsubj wickedness noun negative
weaksubj wide adj positive
weaksubj wide-open adj positive
weaksubj wide-ranging adj positive
weaksubj widespread adj negative
weaksubj wild adj negative
weaksubj wildly adverb negative
strongsubj wiles noun negative
strongsubj will adj positive
strongsubj will noun positive
strongsubj willful adj positive
strongsubj willfully adj positive
strongsubj willing adj positive
strongsubj willingness adj positive
strongsubj willingness noun positive
strongsubj wilt verb negative
strongsubj wily adj negative
strongsubj wince verb negative
strongsubj wink adj positive
strongsubj wink noun positive
strongsubj winnable adj positive
strongsubj winnable noun positive
strongsubj winners adj positive
strongsubj winners noun positive
strongsubj wisdom adj positive
strongsubj wisdom noun positive
strongsubj wise adj positive
strongsubj wise noun positive
strongsubj wisely adverb positive
strongsubj wish adj positive
strongsubj wish noun positive
strongsubj wish verb positive
strongsubj wishes adj positive
strongsubj wishes noun positive
strongsubj wishing adj positive
strongsubj wishing noun positive
weaksubj withheld verb negative
weaksubj withhold verb negative
strongsubj witty adj positive
strongsubj woe noun negative
strongsubj woebegone adj negative
strongsubj woeful adj negative
strongsubj woefully anypos negative
strongsubj wonder anypos positive
strongsubj wonderful adj positive
strongsubj wonderful anypos positive
strongsubj wonderfully anypos positive
strongsubj wonderous adj positive
strongsubj wonderously anypos positive
strongsubj wondrous anypos positive
strongsubj woo verb positive
strongsubj workable adj positive
strongsubj world-famous adj positive
weaksubj worn adj negative
weaksubj worn verb negative
strongsubj worried adj negative
strongsubj worriedly adverb negative
strongsubj worrier noun negative
strongsubj worries adj negative
strongsubj worries noun negative
strongsubj worrisome adj negative
strongsubj worry adj negative
strongsubj worry noun negative
strongsubj worry verb negative
strongsubj worrying anypos negative
strongsubj worryingly anypos negative
strongsubj worse adj negative
strongsubj worsen anypos negative
strongsubj worsening anypos negative
weaksubj worship verb positive
strongsubj worst adj negative
strongsubj worth adj positive
strongsubj worth noun positive
strongsubj worth-while adj positive
strongsubj worthiness adj positive
strongsubj worthless adj negative
strongsubj worthlessly anypos negative
strongsubj worthlessness noun negative
strongsubj worthwhile adj positive
strongsubj worthy adj positive
weaksubj would anypos neutral
strongsubj wound adj negative
strongsubj wound noun negative
weaksubj wound verb negative
weaksubj wounds adj negative
weaksubj wounds noun negative
strongsubj wow anypos positive
strongsubj wow verb positive
weaksubj wreck noun negative
weaksubj wreck verb negative
strongsubj wrangle verb negative
strongsubj wrath noun negative
strongsubj wrest verb negative
weaksubj wrestle verb negative
strongsubj wretch noun negative
strongsubj wretched adj negative
strongsubj wretchedly anypos negative
strongsubj wretchedness noun negative
weaksubj writhe verb negative
weaksubj wrong adj negative
weaksubj wrong anypos negative
weaksubj wrongful adj negative
strongsubj wrongly anypos negative
weaksubj wrought adj negative
weaksubj wrought noun negative
strongsubj wry adj positive
strongsubj yawn noun negative
strongsubj yawn verb negative
strongsubj yeah anypos neutral
strongsubj yearn verb positive
strongsubj yearning noun positive
strongsubj yearningly anypos positive
strongsubj yelp verb negative
strongsubj yep anypos positive
strongsubj yes anypos positive
weaksubj youthful adj positive
strongsubj zeal noun positive
strongsubj zealot noun negative
strongsubj zealous adj negative
strongsubj zealously anypos negative
strongsubj zenith noun positive
strongsubj zest noun positive